Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I didn't have a chance to do session notes. But I'll do a very quick recap, so that you
Tim Sackton: remember the context.
Tim Sackton: So you
Tim Sackton: had traveled through
Tim Sackton: sentient oceans, little motivational quiz game.
Tim Sackton: and as part of that learned that
Tim Sackton: this Murphok city of called Omi, where you are.
Tim Sackton: was
Tim Sackton: had had the jade
Tim Sackton: as part of their jade kelp garden.
Tim Sackton: but this
Tim Sackton: Murfock Warlock
Tim Sackton: Baruvi had taken the jade
Tim Sackton: and then launched a war in the name of a creature known as Gazan Coa.
Tim Sackton: As part of that war, had summoned a.
Tim Sackton: opened a portal to the plane of water
Tim Sackton: and invaded, and now
Tim Sackton: mostly seems to control only plus what's ever on the other side of the portal.
Tim Sackton: You saw like work crews moving around. There's like
Tim Sackton: the city of omias encased by the sentient ocean, so nothing can leave
Tim Sackton: but the sentiment is not really an offensive force, and did it is not
Tim Sackton: never launched an attack.
Tim Sackton: There was like a giant
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: dash, like
Tim Sackton: rift
Tim Sackton: running through part of the city.
Tim Sackton: There was a
Tim Sackton: really strong current flowing potentially into the rift
Tim Sackton: which you defeated with control water.
Tim Sackton: and there is some massive, tentacled creature
Tim Sackton: guarding
Tim Sackton: the portal
Tim Sackton: to the plain of water
Tim Sackton: which you discovered via
Tim Sackton: The want to detect magic that seeker has which also lets you detect portals.
Tim Sackton: So where we left last time was
Tim Sackton: Kenzo
Tim Sackton: dealt with and well be
Tim Sackton: invisible
Tim Sackton: by
Tim Sackton: potentially having alerted the
Tim Sackton: giant creature to their presence because it heard some movement, and then
Tim Sackton: walked around to all the entrances to this big courtyard where the portal was, and like hold some kelp down, hanging in front of them, so it will see the kelp moving if anybody crosses any invisible person crosses into the room.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: At the same time seeker and risen, have been fighting in the
Tim Sackton: protective barrier of the sentient ocean the whole time, theoretically prepared to dimension door into combat.
Tim Sackton: when some ends
Tim Sackton: assuming seeker, actually follows through on such
Tim Sackton: bravery.
Tim Sackton: There there were a number of guards
Tim Sackton: Norfolk guards
Tim Sackton: patrolling around this big central building where the courtyard is. They are currently all engaged in battle with a
Tim Sackton: massive animatronic stone crab.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Created, and then animated by the seeker
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: drawn with Dolly. But Eric.
Tim Sackton: in the text thread.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. That one worked out. Well.
Tim Sackton: that will presumably keep those
Tim Sackton: Murpho extracted for
Tim Sackton: some amount of time, but not an infinite amount of time.
Tim Sackton: So that is where we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
Eric Rosenbaum: I must have given that crab
Eric Rosenbaum: some instruction that was very specific, but I don't remember exactly what it was.
Tim Sackton: It was
Tim Sackton: distract the
Tim Sackton: I mean. I don't remember exactly the details, but it was effectively
Tim Sackton: cause a scene and draw attention to yourself, because the goal, the idea was, draw the
Tim Sackton: Murphs away from the door
Tim Sackton: so that you could sneak in without them noticing.
Tim Sackton: And then, you know, fight.
Tim Sackton: It's you know, it's decent. It has 80 hit points. It's like not. It's not. They're not gonna kill it immediately.
Eric Rosenbaum: also is decorative.
Tim Sackton: It's out.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So as we begin.
Tim Sackton: you're faced with this
Tim Sackton: massive.
Tim Sackton: humanoid, tentacled creature
Tim Sackton: that is guarding the
Tim Sackton: part.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really.
Tim Sackton: You presumably need to pass in order to
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: outen
Tim Sackton: in order to enter the plane of letter and find
Tim Sackton: a jade.
Tim Sackton: Oh, let me start some music if you want to take a couple of minutes to
Tim Sackton: refresh what your strategy was.
Tim Sackton: That would be logical.
Tim Sackton: but my recollection it was something like
Tim Sackton: kill it here, so it doesn't chase you through the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Right? That does make sense.
Mike Sackton: We sort of, we change.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if it
Eric Rosenbaum: go ahead?
Eric Rosenbaum: But if it flees from us through the portal anyway, we'll find out.
Mike Sackton: I think we were originally thinking of trying to just brash, sneak past it, and we decided, well, it'll probably just chase us.
Mike Sackton: And so then we changed our direct our tact, and decided to just
Mike Sackton: just kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's an account?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Didn't want to go in and then have it, but.
Mike Sackton: Ray.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go into some unknown thing, unknown situation, and then have it follow us, and or have it waiting on the other side like, why fill it. Now, while we have the advantage.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Clear plan on how to kill it, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see.
Tim Sackton: Do more damage to it than it does to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim with the strong basketball, and that would be score more points than the other team.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good job! By the way, Congo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I that played a critical role, of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm aware. Yeah, there was a basketball situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was the Mvp. Actually pretty much what happened?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Turn on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright, how do we? So it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so the crab is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crab is outside.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the object? At the bottom left of the map?
Tim Sackton: This is like a giant lump of quarrel.
Tim Sackton: bleached Carl.
Tim Sackton: and then these are all like kelp.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can throw stuff around with telekinesis, but
Eric Rosenbaum: as a limited range, but I could use my glove to increase its range.
Tim Sackton: Well, currently, you and Rismen are about 100 feet above
Tim Sackton: and can't see anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's true!
Tim Sackton: Because there's a roof over this room.
Tim Sackton: Now you do have
Tim Sackton: directions that you can dimension door in.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: remind me, where is the?
Mike Sackton: There's like
Mike Sackton: something in the arch, something.
Mike Sackton: Where's the
Mike Sackton: kelp thing that the creature set up.
Tim Sackton: As well it. It made a circle around all of the doorways.
Mike Sackton: So these little arches, these little arches, are doorways. I get it.
Tim Sackton: Those are all doorways. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And there's like corridors and stuff outside this. But I just didn't bother making that.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: and so use.
D: Both cited it. Yet. Do you have to be closer to do that?
Tim Sackton: Nope Kenzo could so say that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, so so I think it's a great idea.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't even remove invisibility, because it's neither an attack nor
Tim Sackton: well, let me do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That first, st while we're just chilling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's that's step one, definitely.
Tim Sackton: so?
Tim Sackton: it is.
Tim Sackton: it is! Where is it? Stats?
Tim Sackton: it's best ability. Scores are
Tim Sackton: wisdom and charisma.
Tim Sackton: It's worst. Our
Tim Sackton: Dax, and
Tim Sackton: really Dax as its worst
Tim Sackton: it is
Tim Sackton: like challenge rating 17. So that's about as like on par, with
Tim Sackton: maybe slightly weaker than the vampire you killed in Ersk.
Tim Sackton: but not dramatically weaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
Tim Sackton: It is. Oh, you learn immunities right? It is immune to lightning and thunder damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's interesting!
Tim Sackton: It is also immune to being charmed and frightened, but not stunned.
Tim Sackton: It is resistant to cold and psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: A lot of things.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
D: Is it holding anything?
Tim Sackton: Nope, I tried it.
Tim Sackton: It's holding a trident, and it's got claws.
Tim Sackton: plus huge swarm of like squid octopus tentacles around its head, which look rather vicious and long.
Eric Rosenbaum: Psychic disruption is an int. Save which was not mentioned as a high or low.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? And then it does.
Tim Sackton: Taxes. It's yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's good for you. Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: I could hit it with erupting earth or catapults.
Tim Sackton: Remember also, this is under water, so 3D. Space it can go up
Tim Sackton: over
Tim Sackton: like you can go up in the air in addition to
Tim Sackton: the ceiling, is about 30 feet
Tim Sackton: above
Tim Sackton: the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could incidentally
Eric Rosenbaum: jam that coral into the portal if we need to temporarily block it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: Breckenwald.
Tim Sackton: Possibly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim.
Tim Sackton: You could, certainly, while it's done. The portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I think we just want to take the fight through the portal. If that's the way the fight rolls, because
Kate Sackton: we want to go that way, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what's it like in there? We just don't even know what the.
Tim Sackton: So idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was the whole thing. We want to kill it on this side.
D: Yeah. Greek.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But boy.
Mike Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quick. Just under water rules. Can I like use staff? Everything as normal.
Tim Sackton: punches and piercing weapons function as normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ok.
Tim Sackton: Bludgeoning and slashing
Tim Sackton: weapons are at a disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, if Staff is.
Tim Sackton: Fire
Tim Sackton: staff is disadvantage, but you can just punch instead.
Tim Sackton: Buyer is likely to be
Tim Sackton: everybody's resistant to fire damage
Tim Sackton: other
Tim Sackton: spells.
Tim Sackton: generally speaking, work as normal unless there's some obvious reason why they shouldn't.
Tim Sackton: And remember, if you're not so, Kenzo has
Tim Sackton: the cloak of the manta ray. So you've got a swim speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 62.
Tim Sackton: You can move.
Tim Sackton: your move is unaffected.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: well be also is a strong swimmer from his days as a
Tim Sackton: staliner.
Tim Sackton: so you well be is unaffected. The rest of you move at half speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: But if I polymorph into a
Eric Rosenbaum: tuna or something, I could have a reasonable speed.
Tim Sackton: Yes, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but can I forget if I can cast bills while I'm polymorph? Probably not.
Tim Sackton: You cannot cast spells while you're polymarked, you can concentrate on spells that you've already cast.
Tim Sackton: but you cannot cast spells that you can't cast these spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I'm gonna be just
Eric Rosenbaum: dog paddling around.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've used this probably
Eric Rosenbaum: gonna be great guys.
Mike Sackton: Thou!
Eric Rosenbaum: some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those tentacles look dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to keep well clear.
Mike Sackton: I mean the original. We are original thinking. Wait. So this has a roof.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 30 feet up.
Kate Sackton: Ink.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so does anybody wanna get into, try and sneak into some sort of position or get a sneak attack off, or anything like that?
Mike Sackton: Or do we just start flinging spells.
D: So my 1st attack gives everybody else advantage that round. So we wanna get
D: many would want such advantage. Get in as close as possible.
Tim Sackton: So so 2 things it is. I mean it. It is aware of you, although it doesn't know where you are, because you're invisible.
Tim Sackton: I will. I will give you advantage. Anybody who's invisible can have advantage on initiative
Tim Sackton: because you choose when to launch it. But you won't get a surprise round because it's aware of your presence.
Tim Sackton: And if you want to switch around anybody who beats it, you can change your order on the first.st I mean, you can change your initiative order on the 1st
Tim Sackton: turn, but then you're stuck in that order.
D: Would we all attack with advantage from invisibility.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Visible? Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: If you're invisible. When you attack, you get advantage on that attack.
Tim Sackton: For those of you who make many attacks, it only affects the 1st attack you make, because then you turn visible.
Kate Sackton: Would seekers.
Kate Sackton: dimension door gave us the ability to like pop up on the other side like behind it, while they're attacking
Kate Sackton: in a way that could.
Tim Sackton: Your.
Kate Sackton: To.
Tim Sackton: You're in telepathic communication, you can tell Seeker to appear
Tim Sackton: in a hidden spot immediately before you roll. Initiative or seeker can wait till combat begins. It's up to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mona.
Kate Sackton: Pushing on. If
Kate Sackton: if we're not there, we don't get
Kate Sackton: wellbees bonus thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Carry on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should probably
Eric Rosenbaum: coordinate and
Eric Rosenbaum: sure at the moment everyone else is attacking. Instead of waiting until after that 1st round.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The question is, where and how far
Eric Rosenbaum: can anybody estimate
Eric Rosenbaum: the length of the tentacles? I know it's a tough question, but for some of us who have sensitive skin, it really matters. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like. I don't know
Tim Sackton: 10 feet something like that. They're pretty long. They're not, you know, 40 foot long. Tentacles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Tim Sackton: For not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Definitely have some sort of reach, but probably not a 30 foot reach.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they're attached to its head.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like Chris, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Just look at the.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little look at the hip. Look at the token.
Tim Sackton: Like a Medusa, but with tentacles instead of
Tim Sackton: right snakes.
Mike Sackton: So I still think our
Mike Sackton: I mean we were gonna do the seconding radiance and ignore it. But I think we have to move after it, but I still think second radiance making with the 5 of us being immune to it, is a good initial move.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: But how do we get immune to it?
Mike Sackton: Has dealt with picked up
Mike Sackton: So by finally my sorcerer, multi-class is finally paying off. I can apply Meta magic to spells.
Mike Sackton: One of my Meta. Magic is
Mike Sackton: careful spout which lets me.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Mike Sackton: Which
Mike Sackton: hold on one second
Mike Sackton: same day. Sexy.
Mike Sackton: basically.
Mike Sackton: Hold hold on one second. Guys. Sorry. But yes, I can make everybody immune to to.
Mike Sackton: I can make up to 5 people immune to a spell, you automatically succeed on the same.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
D: Tim, is it too big to fit out through the archways, or could it come out if it wanted to.
Tim Sackton: Cannot fit out through the archways.
Tim Sackton: The only way I can get in or out of this room is through the portal.
Mike Sackton: All right, kid.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's happy.
Eric Rosenbaum: If only we had a poison giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no kidding.
Mike Sackton: I just don't know where the best place to put the signal radiators is a dead center.
Kate Sackton: Won't cover the whole room right? So you can just.
Mike Sackton: 30, foot.
Kate Sackton: You.
Mike Sackton: Radius.
D: Which means.
Mike Sackton: So 8.
D: Move to the other end.
Mike Sackton: I know, but if it can't, if it doesn't have good range to tax, and it just runs to the other end. We can just stand in the corner over here and kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
D: When up.
Mike Sackton: But so I think covering like
Mike Sackton: like that, like covering half the room, is probably better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because then it can stay on that side.
D: Put it in the center, and it'll have a it'll have to go to one end to the other, and it'll have less maneuvering space, whichever end it's in.
Mike Sackton: That's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's true!
Mike Sackton: If we put it in the centre, then it either
Mike Sackton: it either flees
Mike Sackton: out of the sickening radiance, in which case we stay in the edge of the sickening radiance, and it probably can't. It has a hard time hurting us, and we just ping it with where it comes after us into the sickening radiance. Great.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
Mike Sackton: Like like right here, would actually let us come to this door into this stand in the doorway in the second radiance, and if it was coming after us, it would have to be in. It
Mike Sackton: also hits any Burfo could come in.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: do that.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna jump in.
Tim Sackton: Well, where are where are seeker? And so seeker and res and rizvin are appearing with dimension door.
Tim Sackton: Me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm imagining.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we want to be in this like an ingredients area, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: but not too.
Tim Sackton: Well, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pictures.
Tim Sackton: You know. Want to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like.
Tim Sackton: Are inside the room to start now, because.
Kate Sackton: It'll run my battles.
Tim Sackton: Also, you're doing this before
Tim Sackton: combat starts, and you want to preserve the ability of the invisible people to get at least advantage on initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, do we have? Does that mean we basically have only the option to show up like, right behind the coral.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to hide.
Kate Sackton: Either. Behind the corner.
Tim Sackton: Show up!
Kate Sackton: Or by this door, or by this other door.
Mike Sackton: Can you show up just like right? What is the little ping
Mike Sackton: like right here?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Like to come from the side you don't come from, because I think that creates a little bit of confusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, they're coming from the top, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you want to.
Mike Sackton: Well, then, what does he show up right here.
Kate Sackton: That's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right here.
Kate Sackton: Anywhere along one of the bottom. 3 doors, I think, is a good spot to show up.
Mike Sackton: The second radiance is going like here.
Kate Sackton: Or in between 2 doors, so that it can.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Spanner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's let's be over at this bottom left door.
Mike Sackton: You just you want.
Tim Sackton: You want to be in between a door, so it doesn't.
Mike Sackton: You wanna be you wanna go in? You wanna be in the sickening radius. You don't want to be out of the second radius. The whole point.
Mike Sackton: Don't right you are.
Kate Sackton: In, the.
Mike Sackton: Second in radiance.
Kate Sackton: We're gonna come in the middle door. But let's just show up.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Immediately adjacent to that door, so that we can.
Tim Sackton: Exactly. You show up.
Tim Sackton: You show up!
Eric Rosenbaum: Right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Good day.
Tim Sackton: Everybody. Let's why don't you all roll initiative
Tim Sackton: invisible spokes with advantage?
Kate Sackton: But why?
Tim Sackton: I mean well, this.
Mike Sackton: They're.
Tim Sackton: Twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roll a 10 and a 9 whack!
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
D: Oh, right! I already had a marriage.
Tim Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: Are old and 18 is my hire.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So if you want to swap yourself around.
Tim Sackton: now's your chance. But it's dealt with Welby Briswyn.
Tim Sackton: Where?
Kate Sackton: Are you okay?
Tim Sackton: Rosebery.
Kate Sackton: I appreciate that. Sorry.
Kate Sackton: Why is Zachary? Zachary is not outside.
Mike Sackton: He probably is. He was at Hodgkin's Park at the front, and he's on his way home.
Tim Sackton: It's dealt with. Well, be risen, seeker Kenzo, in that order. So if you wanna.
Mike Sackton: He's literally right inside your house right now, Kate.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's just waived.
Kate Sackton: I wondered why my son was shouting, and I had to go. Make sure that there was no bad reason, my son, shouting, Alright, alright! Go back to fighting! The tentable monster.
D: I assume. Better for me than shoot first.st Don't.
Kate Sackton: Distracting nephew, citing.
Mike Sackton: As soon as I has to spell, you're losing visibility. So everybody should. I? I wanna go last
Mike Sackton: from a
Mike Sackton: I wanna go last before it.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't know where it's when it's going.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I would say, I'll trade with. Well, be but wait
Mike Sackton: There's no advantage, and I think I'll trade with well, be but once. Well, we goes. Everybody has advantage, anyway, so there's no double advantage, so there's no advantage.
Tim Sackton: To be a.
Mike Sackton: Right? Yeah. So I'll swap with well with. And while we also, while we'll be able to take the 1st move, I'll go.
Tim Sackton: Like guy.
Mike Sackton: Initiative, count 16 behind wealthy.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So
Tim Sackton: on after seeker and risen have positioned themselves.
Tim Sackton: and you get the confirmation from
Tim Sackton: telepathy that they've appeared.
Tim Sackton: The creature is sort of pacing around in front of the
Tim Sackton: of the portal, and well be sneaks to wherever you want to sneak to.
D: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Swims as you're swimming, but you have full movement speed because you're because of your background.
Tim Sackton: Doing this to the doorway.
D: Swim speeds based on walk speed, so do boots of speed.
D: Speed me up still.
Tim Sackton: That's a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only on the the bottom.
D: Or the I kick my little toes extra fast.
Mike Sackton: Choice. You should come through the center door.
D: Sugar!
Mike Sackton: You wanna be in the second in radians, right? You wanna actually get as far away from it as possible to the left.
D: Yeah, but.
Mike Sackton: The end.
D: Cunning strike effects. So I'm gonna try and make it drop the trident and then
D: go snag the trident out from under it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
D: We'll see if that works.
Mike Sackton: Sure, don't you? Can. You can get eaten by the tentacles, I mean, that's
Mike Sackton: that's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: I think.
Kate Sackton: We'll come and chop you out.
Tim Sackton: I think I think it's plausible that boots of speed would increase your swim. Speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You're basically just kicking fast.
D: All right.
D: Ready.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Really.
Tim Sackton: So well, then.
Kate Sackton: There's us with a.
Tim Sackton: Advantage.
D: Okay. And I'm using.
Tim Sackton: The door.
D: Cunning strike disarm, which is, gonna be a DC 18
D: check.
D: save if it's success.
Tim Sackton: Why you got to hit first.st
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
D: But can you have it?
Tim Sackton: 27 hits, yep.
D: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're accused with your short, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: underwater.
Tim Sackton: Take away!
Kate Sackton: Those are good underwater.
Tim Sackton: Right.
D: Yeah, so.
Mike Sackton: Good underwater. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yet.
D: The last die of that was a 4. So that's 11, and.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you take away 4, and it needs to make a
Tim Sackton: It
Tim Sackton: fails. It's Dex, save
Tim Sackton: it's not good at decks. So well, these arrow strikes by its hand, and the trident
Tim Sackton: floats out of its hand.
D: Hey? I didn't.
Tim Sackton: Thanks.
Tim Sackton: It takes
Tim Sackton: as the arrow strikes it, it looks as you suddenly appear.
Tim Sackton: and it takes 11, and then.
Tim Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: Can you see this green circle around the token.
Kate Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that should go down into orange and then red as it gets lower and lower and help.
D: All right.
Tim Sackton: We'll see if that works.
D: We're gonna see how badly this goes. I'm gonna swim over and grab that trident and
D: spin the hell away from there again.
D: So 25 to get that, and then I'm going.
D: I don't know something like over there.
D: So here I go.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like in the other way, but.
Tim Sackton: So well, being.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go fast.
Tim Sackton: Little boots flicking super fast
Tim Sackton: as you swim past. It is going to
Tim Sackton: use this reaction to
Tim Sackton: swing at you with its tentacles as an opportunity attack.
Mike Sackton: Can't you? Cunning action, disengage.
D: I don't have.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's true! You can.
D: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Because you didn't use your bonus auction for steady aim, because you already had an advantage.
Tim Sackton: So it's not going to make an opportunity tack as you
Tim Sackton: dodge
Tim Sackton: carefully through its tentacles
Tim Sackton: distracting it with the speed at which this tiny little halfling just
Tim Sackton: bursts through the room.
Tim Sackton: And you now end up
Tim Sackton: here, holding its trident
Tim Sackton: as well. These terms end and daweth.
Mike Sackton: Can you make a second in radians to fit in that spot
Mike Sackton: I'm going to so delicate will move
Mike Sackton: to like there.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: How big is the trident relative to Wealthy
Eric Rosenbaum: like twice.
Tim Sackton: About twice as big as him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but I don't know right?
Mike Sackton: I like that.
Mike Sackton: Do you see the thing I'm drawing?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't know if that's quite.
Tim Sackton: Catch that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, match that closely. I mean, as closely as you can.
Mike Sackton: The key thing is, I'm just trying to cover the 2 doors.
Tim Sackton: Hold on!
Mike Sackton: And hit it, and well be.
Tim Sackton: Okay, signing Radians is 14. I think it's 14 by 14. Is that right? Or is that too small?
Mike Sackton: Said.
Mike Sackton: it's second ingredients, is.
Tim Sackton: But that was the Diane.
Mike Sackton: 30 foot.
Mike Sackton: the air.
Tim Sackton: 30 foot diameter.
Mike Sackton: 30 foot radius
Mike Sackton: 60 per day. Yes, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So guy.
Mike Sackton: So it should be
Mike Sackton: 12.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it should be 12.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, that that's right. Mine was, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But
Tim Sackton: Where do you want it? Like? There.
Tim Sackton: There!
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, like that.
Tim Sackton: Like just like that.
Mike Sackton: Just like that. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of stuff, but like.
Tim Sackton: Integrating radius appears, and visibility ends.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm also using my bonus action to
Mike Sackton: market with
Mike Sackton: my
Mike Sackton: hunter's mark.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
Mike Sackton: And I'm using a I'm using a sorcery point to what I cast.
Mike Sackton: Second irradiance
Mike Sackton: dealt with. Well, all 5 of us are.
Tim Sackton: Are immune.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: it now makes a constitution save.
Mike Sackton: Started to start, yeah.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: It's con modifier
Tim Sackton: 13 plus. That's the 19.
Mike Sackton: Eyes that I would create.
Tim Sackton: Leads.
Mike Sackton: Has succeeded.
Tim Sackton: And then it is going to.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: path.
Tim Sackton: Okay, go away. Send back.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It is going to
Tim Sackton: swim
Tim Sackton: too. Well, me
Tim Sackton: moving out of the second ingredients.
D: That's that's that's great.
Tim Sackton: You've got his weapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And you're also no longer visible.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know how to use that thing
Eric Rosenbaum: will be.
D: I'm sure.
Tim Sackton: And it's going to.
Tim Sackton: it is going to make a
Tim Sackton: claw attack against you.
D: Awesome. I'm ready for it, which is.
Tim Sackton: Which is, which is a natural 20. It's passed.
D: It hits.
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do the damage.
Tim Sackton: 10,
Tim Sackton: 2028 points of 28 points of slashing damage.
D: I will uncenny dodge to half that.
Tim Sackton: But okay.
Tim Sackton: and that is gonna make a tentacle tack against you.
Tim Sackton: That's a 28.
Tim Sackton: So that hits and it's going to grapple you.
Tim Sackton: in addition to doing
Tim Sackton: 12 to 20 points of bludgeoning damage.
D: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: You are now grappled and restrained.
Tim Sackton: It does not have its trident, so it cannot make its
Tim Sackton: 3rd attack, but it is planning on grabbing its trident
Tim Sackton: as soon as it can from your grappled like ends.
D: Think so.
Tim Sackton: And that will end its turn. Risen and Seeker and Kenzo are all up.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Can I be like
Kate Sackton: occupying some space with
Kate Sackton: seeker that's
Kate Sackton: slightly closer to the door, just because I can't even get in the door with a produced movement.
Tim Sackton: Be there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, we're we're right at the edge.
Kate Sackton: All right. Thank you.
Kate Sackton: Alright. Then I will
Kate Sackton: move in.
Kate Sackton: I just drew a line, I think was what I intended to do. Sorry. We'll just leave that there because I don't know how to make it go away.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: I can probably make it go away.
Kate Sackton: It can be kelp or something.
Tim Sackton: Sir.
Tim Sackton: secrets next, and then Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so I'm going to get myself into the.
Kate Sackton: I can't get all the way over there to be that helpful, but I can at least get myself into the sickening radiance and
Kate Sackton: be distracting.
Kate Sackton: So I'm going
Kate Sackton: here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the singer.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it getting ready as a dome? Is it like a 3, 3.
Mike Sackton: It's a steel.
Tim Sackton: Here, yes, 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice news.
Mike Sackton: 60 foot diameter, so it presumably goes all the way up to the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it goes all the way up to the ceiling.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So I got in like my 1212 feet of move speed.
Kate Sackton: 12 and a half.
Kate Sackton: and I'm
Kate Sackton: gonna
Kate Sackton: you know what I'll try.
Kate Sackton: I don't know what's going to happen, but I'll try my favorite
Kate Sackton: as light.
Tim Sackton: Something somebody meant to draw.
Mike Sackton: Don't know. I I meant to. I was trying meant to. No, it was not. I was just trying to
Mike Sackton: measure.
Kate Sackton: Okay, it's not just me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do. I do that all the time, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: So many spells. I'm sorry I'm scrolling.
Kate Sackton: I'm just gonna cast Sunbeam. I don't know what's gonna happen.
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm trying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it resistant? Is sunbeam thunder or lightning damage.
Kate Sackton: It's radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: Radiant.
Eric Rosenbaum: And not resistant.
Kate Sackton: Different.
Kate Sackton: I do have this going
Kate Sackton: thunder and lightning spells, but I'm not using them so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damon, and gloomy down here. So that's a good idea.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Give it a shot.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: thought I, hit cast when I finally found it.
Kate Sackton: didn't I?
Kate Sackton: Okay, I hit cast. So
Kate Sackton: something should have happened.
Kate Sackton: The beam of brilliant light is flashing out of my hand is, it's usual.
Kate Sackton: 5 foot wide, 60 foot way.
Kate Sackton: so is it, making a.
Tim Sackton: Sex level spell.
Kate Sackton: Yes, it's a 6 level spell.
Kate Sackton: Add it.
Kate Sackton: It has to make a con saving throw.
Tim Sackton: That succeeds.
Kate Sackton: so it takes half as much.
Tim Sackton: And h.
Kate Sackton: so rolled image, anyway? Or did it already roll? When I cast it.
Tim Sackton: Old damage. Anyway.
Tim Sackton: I'm not seeing anything in in Role 20. But that's okay.
Tim Sackton: So a beam of light flashes out from Brisbane.
Tim Sackton: It dodges slightly to it.
Tim Sackton: shrugs off the debilitating, blinding effect, but still takes
Tim Sackton: some amount of damage, while seeker.
Kate Sackton: Nothing is happening when I
Kate Sackton: hit the damage thing in D and D beyond. I'm sorry.
Kate Sackton: it's 68.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was, I guess, thinking about.
Tim Sackton: 68.
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm trying to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take your time. I was gonna use telekinesis to pull it into the seeking ingredients. Does that make sense? Is that possible?
Eric Rosenbaum: Take damage as a result.
Mike Sackton: Well when it starts its turn.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I will also sort of.
Mike Sackton: That over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ungrackle or does it just pull
Tim Sackton: If you move it out of its reach, it would ungrapple.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, use.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Test.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, Bobby is actually quite small compared to it. So
Tim Sackton: Robbie's 3 sizes smaller than it. So Bobby might just get pulled along.
Tim Sackton: I'm.
Kate Sackton: Alright. I've managed my damage. The next thing can happen.
Kate Sackton: 16.
Kate Sackton: It's okay. 32.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, by by the way, sorry. Secret, I can also, do a similar thing with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just a plan of power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can move it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can move it 30 feet if it fails. A strength save DC. 16. What's strength for it again, Tim? Is it strong?
Tim Sackton: It was neither best nor worst.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, what's your? What's.
Tim Sackton: But it's big. So it's probably reasonably strong.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: mine, it says, make an ability check with your spellcasting ability contested by the street creature. Strength, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: though.
Mike Sackton: I would try it. Right? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should both.
Tim Sackton: Try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should, but.
Mike Sackton: Like try, but.
Tim Sackton: You try.
Mike Sackton: You could, you can, and I I mean the rules of D and D are such that if you move a creature unwillingly, it does break.
Tim Sackton: Does. Yes, it will break the grapple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I cast
Eric Rosenbaum: telekinesis. That's a 5th wit.
Eric Rosenbaum: 5th level spell slot. Okay? Oh, wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: do, do, do, do, do.
Tim Sackton: I didn't do the damage for Sunday.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: And so now
Eric Rosenbaum: make an ability check with your spell casting ability contest. I don't totally understand how that works.
Tim Sackton: So just role roll and intelligence, a straight intelligence check.
Eric Rosenbaum: By clicking on my intelligence up at the top.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: okay. So it needs to be an 18
Tim Sackton: which it failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing. So I will pull it
Eric Rosenbaum: up into the right into the secondary radiance, and I can pull it
Eric Rosenbaum: 33.
Tim Sackton: Probably don't want to pull it into the portal would be my guess.
Mike Sackton: Right, but it's also restraint.
Tim Sackton: It's restrained so it can't move.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna pull it diagonally upward towards the ceiling and and into the radiance. So like over to here.
Tim Sackton: So like.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3.rd
Tim Sackton: But up
Tim Sackton: that can. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but.
Tim Sackton: So it's like, OP.
Eric Rosenbaum: Woof, woof.
Tim Sackton: 20 feet. It's like halfway in between the.
Tim Sackton: It's sort of close to the ceiling as you grab it and yank it. You rip it with such force that as tentacles detach from Wellbe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
D: Oof.
Tim Sackton: Who has now left, still holding the trident
Tim Sackton: which has not gotten back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing telekinesis. That's a good one. Alright.
Tim Sackton: Seeker grips at
Tim Sackton: Kenzo. You're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I can potentially pull it even farther away from Wellbe and even into the middle of the thickening radiance. If that's helpful.
Mike Sackton: I would.
Tim Sackton: Right now.
Mike Sackton: That sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: Trained so it can't move unless unless it.
Mike Sackton: Do you have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I can also, just like, get right next to it, melee and fuck it up.
Mike Sackton: I would do you have.
Tim Sackton: It's restrained, which means you've got the advantage on all of your attacks. You already have advantage on all of your attacks because of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I get even more advantage? Can I get like.
Tim Sackton: No, you can't get more advantage, but it has disadvantage on all attack roles until the beginning of until the end of Seeker's next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, yeah, sure. Then I will.
Mike Sackton: Restrain. Yeah, no, yeah, you're right. It does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll just, yeah.
Mike Sackton: You should just go against it and whack it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm gonna go and Tim,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and remind me again.
Mike Sackton: You should go on the other side right when you're in. You should be in the second radian, so it doesn't try and weave out of it
Mike Sackton: like be between it and the portal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But like above the second ingredients.
Mike Sackton: No, you can.
Tim Sackton: Be in the second ingredients. You're immune to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, I'm awesome.
Mike Sackton: Let's go now.
Tim Sackton: That's awesome.
Mike Sackton: That was all that was granted you the immunity here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys did mute? Oh, alright!
Mike Sackton: I have. Dell has a new ability where I can grant up the 5 people immunity to one of my spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But aren't I innately immune to existing Uranus.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not poison, it's radiant damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got up on.
Tim Sackton: Anyway, Kento is just attacking it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but wait, wait. But, Tim, I'm so just again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How is its charisma? Wisdom or con.
Tim Sackton: Wisdom and charisma are both very good. Con is somewhere in the middle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I can do some setting strikes it's stunning. Is it useful to stun it now? Still.
Tim Sackton: It's always useful.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I will do that. I'm gonna start on our attacking it like a lot.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. First, st I'm gonna do an Ora strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, actually sorry at the at the role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, if I do or strike. I'm just. I still have to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. Oh, I have to hit first.st Okay, okay, here, let me let me let me. Let me. Let me do on arm. Strike first.st Okay, on our strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, st it's at 17 with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, a natural 2030.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that ends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so let me do let me roll damage right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or if I do a spend okay, so I'll do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rolling wise. It's not rolling the damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 damage.
Tim Sackton: Any damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then. Now Scott.
Tim Sackton: You attempt to stun it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, understand?
Tim Sackton: That's it's stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hell, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we love that alright. So now I'm gonna keep attacking it with as many times as I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let's see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 26
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another 9 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Now, my 3rd attack.
Tim Sackton: So you're using a key to do flurry of blows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Correct.
Tim Sackton: So you can make 3 more attacks right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, sure.
Tim Sackton: More attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2 more. Tax. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 3 more attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 3 more cancel platform. 3 more. Yeah. Okay, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24. Okay, so 24 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: another 9. Damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, 2 more attacks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 17 misses, or doesn't matter, only do advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The 1,700 missed him.
Tim Sackton: 17 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, 17 hits. That does
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: another 14 damage and then final attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 12 with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So another 12 damage.
Tim Sackton: So Kenza just launches into this thing.
Tim Sackton: stunning it. Remember to take off 2 key.
Tim Sackton: spreading it, and then
Tim Sackton: just pummeling it with
Tim Sackton: 5 blows of his fists as it staggers back.
Tim Sackton: now starting to look
Tim Sackton: not quite super badly wounded, but certainly wounded.
Tim Sackton: At this moment.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: kalp
Tim Sackton: that you thought was just Calp.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pearl.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just how.
Tim Sackton: Not just kelp.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: starts moving.
Tim Sackton: rushing forward. Now these are
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: square tokens, Southern minions. I don't know why what's going on here.
Tim Sackton: put them on the wrong layer.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I put them on the map layer. That was stupid.
Tim Sackton: Okay, token layer.
Tim Sackton: There should be a quicker way to do this.
Tim Sackton: the count animates and begins running towards you.
Tim Sackton: These 5 minions
Tim Sackton: swimming to close in on. Well be.
Tim Sackton: can they all reach.
Eric Rosenbaum: 80 40, but.
Tim Sackton: Swim speed.
Tim Sackton: Yep!
Tim Sackton: With their 40 foot swim speed they close in.
Tim Sackton: surrounding well be
Tim Sackton: and making a
Tim Sackton: slashing attack with their
Tim Sackton: like clause. That sort of emerge from there.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: from their as their vines and things solidify.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna be
Tim Sackton: plenty
Tim Sackton: one to hit.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: and that's 25 points of slashing damage.
D: Jeez.
D: okay.
Tim Sackton: And these ones. Let's see, 40 foot swim speed
Tim Sackton: that one can get can't get there without going through the second ingredients.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, yeah, I can. Okay.
Tim Sackton: style.
Tim Sackton: This one is going to go here avoiding this weird, glowy thing. This one is going to go here.
Tim Sackton: this one
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: just moving into the
Tim Sackton: the yeah.
Tim Sackton: These ones are just moving into the radiance. They're minions. They just do what they're told.
Tim Sackton: So the 3 of them need to make con savings.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Fail?
Tim Sackton: What's the DC.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: too many tabs open
Tim Sackton: succeed fail.
Mike Sackton: Do you need damage?
Tim Sackton: I do, but that's
Tim Sackton: that is enough to.
Tim Sackton: As these 2 enter the second ingredients, they just
Tim Sackton: immediately
Tim Sackton: vanish.
Tim Sackton: I'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright!
Tim Sackton: Now they're going to make an attack
Tim Sackton: again. Seeker, that's a
Tim Sackton: 15 to hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: K.
Eric Rosenbaum: My armor class is is
Eric Rosenbaum: technically 14,
Eric Rosenbaum: but.
Tim Sackton: And that sounds like you take
Tim Sackton: you take 15 points of slashing damage
Tim Sackton: and make a concentration check with advantage for the telekinesis. And then this is gonna retreat out of this weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hold on!
Tim Sackton: That just killed 2 of its friends
Tim Sackton: riding to.
Eric Rosenbaum: And check.
Tim Sackton: It's just a con save running past. So
Tim Sackton: risen. If you want, you can make a
Tim Sackton: opportunity attack against it with disadvantage. Because
Tim Sackton: because you're with a bludgeoning weapon.
Mike Sackton: We're in Uk.
Kate Sackton: I guess it's too close to shoot it with an arrow if it's right next to me.
Kate Sackton: so I suppose I would.
Tim Sackton: While you. You can't make opportunity attacks with arranged weapons.
Kate Sackton: Okay, well, what do I know? All right. Sure, I will swing shadowstorm at it instinctively, even though I know
Kate Sackton: at some level. But it's not really the most effective thing to do. There's the bad guys running past me and I wall up.
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: so. But you need a
Kate Sackton: roll.
Kate Sackton: Did that show up anywhere made a little noise.
Tim Sackton: No, you need to roll with disadvantage.
Kate Sackton: So I need to roll again and take the lower.
Tim Sackton: I didn't just tell me what you rolled, please. I can't see the numbers that.
Kate Sackton: I'm.
Tim Sackton: Say it.
Kate Sackton: I would love to tell you that.
Tim Sackton: Am
Tim Sackton: meanwhile.
Tim Sackton: As we come back to the top of the round
Tim Sackton: water
Tim Sackton: condenses
Tim Sackton: from the
Tim Sackton: from the portal, this hole here, and shoots forth
Tim Sackton: blasting at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: You need to make a strength
Tim Sackton: saving. Throw.
Kate Sackton: I rode the same role twice, and it was a 16 both times.
Tim Sackton: That hits me.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I rolled an 8.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is pushed by this massive current that
Tim Sackton: flies path and slams you up against
Tim Sackton: the ceiling like over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, jeez.
Tim Sackton: Or this current of water that's just blasting on you from the
Tim Sackton: from the
Tim Sackton: from the shooting out of this portal, knocking you away from the Herald, and
Tim Sackton: As you're being pushed against this
Tim Sackton: this wall, you are grappled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Emmets.
Eric Rosenbaum: He woo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much damage, I think.
Tim Sackton: That you don't take any damage. You just. You're just restrained. That brings us back to Wellbe.
Kate Sackton: I rolled 10 damage. By the way, I don't know if that showed up, anyway, and I don't know.
Tim Sackton: It's happened.
Kate Sackton: Or something.
Tim Sackton: In.
Tim Sackton: since it's a minion you kill it
Tim Sackton: anytime. It takes any damage from
Tim Sackton: failing a saving throw or
Tim Sackton: or failing or being hit it
Tim Sackton: to clean.
Tim Sackton: But also you do a lot more damage than that with shatterstorm shatter storm does.
Kate Sackton: Monday, plus 5.
Tim Sackton: But it also does an extra 2D. 8
Tim Sackton: fire damage.
Tim Sackton: So yeah, anytime you hit with shadow storm, you do 3D plus 5 damage.
Kate Sackton: Don't know how to make the thing
Kate Sackton: we're flying with that. So if it's.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't matter, because.
Kate Sackton: It doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: So wealthy. You're up. You're surrounded by kelp.
Tim Sackton: Penzo is now restrained. You're still holding its trident.
D: Awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
D: I'm going to.
D: Cutting action, disengage
D: and zoom over next to Dell with
D: and pop out on the other side of the door and drop the trident.
D: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
D: Cause I can't use it, and I can't get through to get it over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have that much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just drop it into the other dimension.
Tim Sackton: Because boot is speed, and he's already got a swim speed so he can move super fast. It is stunned. So you do have advantage on attacks.
D: Oh, no! Then I will shoot it. That's great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just dropped the trident outside the door.
Tim Sackton: Is here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So it makes it hard for the guy to get it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
Tim Sackton: Now it's rather hard, because he's both stunned and restrained.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Hits.
Kate Sackton: Is it a martial weapon or a simple weapon that I would know how to use if I picked it up?
D: So marshalls. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Feet big, so I don't know that you could reel it effectively. But that hits 27.
Kate Sackton: Drawn.
D: Awesome. So many movies.
Tim Sackton: Good. You're pretty strong.
D: Yeah, I'm gonna use a coming strike. And I'm gonna take 3D. 6
D: of damage to
D: wait a second. Do the effects on it, end at at its turn this round like how long is it restraining time.
Tim Sackton: The stun ends at the beginning of Kenzo's next term, restrain ends. When Seeker fail, decides not to use his action to maintain it, or fails, a strength, contest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, I can keep it going potentially.
Tim Sackton: He can seeker can keep it going just by using his action. Just keep squeezing it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But you know, let's add.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you have to make a new contact in return or no.
Tim Sackton: It's a new contest every term.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that we could.
D: yeah. Oh, you well, no, I'll just do some damage. Okay, here comes some damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so 39.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Tim Sackton: Damage. Robbie's already strikes it again.
Tim Sackton: still in the green, but barely.
Tim Sackton: That adds Bobby's turned out with his app.
Mike Sackton: Alright! So Deleph is going to. I can get to it right. I mean, I can.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Even with my 15 foot. Where's the little? I think I'm just gonna go after it and make a tax.
Mike Sackton: So I'm gonna swim up to it.
Tim Sackton: Attacking with him.
Mike Sackton: Rape! Here.
Mike Sackton: my rapier, my packed weapon, rape gear that I used to not have disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Does a 15 hit and roll 2 fours.
Tim Sackton: Nope. 15 does not hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal
Mike Sackton: Jesus
Mike Sackton: does. The 15, is not it.
Tim Sackton: Still I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I can inspire you potentially.
Tim Sackton: You could inspire
Tim Sackton: 26 hits.
Tim Sackton: If you wanna inspire one of the 15 s. You're welcome to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, where do I roll?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a d 10.
Mike Sackton: There's a 17, it.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Like guys.
Mike Sackton: so.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you get some bonus damage on that one.
Mike Sackton: 19 damage
Mike Sackton: plus 18 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also d. 10 for the inspiration. I think right.
Mike Sackton: I add the.
Tim Sackton: You add the Exploration Guide plus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Plus what.
Tim Sackton: That was plus 5 plus seekers intelligence, modifier.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so 25. So these damage roles don't include my hunger hunters, Mark. So I'm also adding 5 to them. It's 19.
Tim Sackton: Just tell me how much total damage you did.
Mike Sackton: 19 plus 25.
Mike Sackton: So 39.
Mike Sackton: Wait now, thank you. I can. I can do math really.
Tim Sackton: I got 19 and 25 you're good
Tim Sackton: so dealt with swims off and strikes at this stunned, restrained creature, helpless, although
Tim Sackton: the slime and the
Tim Sackton: chaos of the water makes it
Tim Sackton: slightly tricky to hit, requiring some assistance from seeker to land. The second of your 3 blows.
Tim Sackton: And with that
Tim Sackton: it is still stunted and restrained.
Tim Sackton: so it can't do anything
Tim Sackton: which yeah leads to rising.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: yeah, I'm not gonna do a bonus. Actually, okay.
Mike Sackton: it has to make a save con, save
Mike Sackton: if it's stern, was happening.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right cause, if it's in the
Tim Sackton: that's a 20.
Mike Sackton: And exit.
Tim Sackton: So that brings us to risen.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: I've got this
Kate Sackton: light spell going on here. So I need to.
Kate Sackton: It needs to roll a con save.
Tim Sackton: How about 15?
Mike Sackton: I'll be right back. Guys. Sorry.
Kate Sackton: It says, con. 18.
Tim Sackton: So it fails.
Kate Sackton: So it will take all the damage from the 6 v. 8.
Kate Sackton: I'm really successfully going to roll
Kate Sackton: my very knowledgeable. I know how to do this way.
Kate Sackton: Now I've seen all sorts of things that they wasn't seen before.
Kate Sackton: Hold up.
Tim Sackton: Okay, while Kate is rolling with one's damage. Seeker, what are you doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: I basically, I could choose between
Eric Rosenbaum: bending off the minions or holding onto telekinesis. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I think I'll hold on to the telekinesis.
Tim Sackton: There we go!
Eric Rosenbaum: The bravery. It's amazing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, look at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because also.
Tim Sackton: So you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spelled, I think.
Tim Sackton: You can do damage to it.
Tim Sackton: Her own.
Eric Rosenbaum: Company, months.
Tim Sackton: No, you make. You can use your action to maintain your grip.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you make another ability check
Tim Sackton: and it makes it's
Tim Sackton: strength check. But
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry my ability check again, was the
Eric Rosenbaum: intelligence check
Eric Rosenbaum: and time. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: that's a 11 fret. So you maintain your grip.
Tim Sackton: It's still restrained as Seeker holds it in place. Trapped in this
Tim Sackton: second ingredients.
D: See group like you could move into the sickening radiance. You'd take opportunity attacks, but then they'd be
D: destroyed when they.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't think of that good call, thank you. Well, the
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just like hang out like, maybe, like right up there.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so they will. Oh, no, that's a
Tim Sackton: that's a 13.
Tim Sackton: I think that misses even you seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's correct.
Tim Sackton: The opportunity to act.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's thanks to my new armor. Yep, nice.
Tim Sackton: So, Ken, though you are trapped against the ceiling by this blast of water.
Tim Sackton: You can.
Tim Sackton: It's basically a grapple. So you can use your action to try and escape.
Tim Sackton: or you can
Tim Sackton: do something else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I will use my action to try to escape.
Tim Sackton: So that is
Tim Sackton: so, you basically need to swim against the current as your only way out. So another strength saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damn it! Against what? What I beat, what I had to beat.
Tim Sackton: You have to beat a 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is there some inspiration
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: potential here.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: you got your secret guidance. Reaction back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alrighty should I get out of this thing? Oh, nice! I do. But I'm man 22.
Tim Sackton: There you go!
Mike Sackton: Job.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Kenzo breaks free.
Tim Sackton: swims
Tim Sackton: out. That was your action, but you can still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will move. I will move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any particular spot like right here, like right next to the day.
Mike Sackton: If you have enough move to get into the second in Radians, I would do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, I've got. I've got 60 move.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I would try and get like on the other side of him.
Mike Sackton: like, here, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I will use
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some key and do extra attacks.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So 1st on. So basically, how many, how many tax do I get? Then, Tim? So I get 3 more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I spend key
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: 3 3 attacks. If you spend key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do I still have advantage or no?
Tim Sackton: You still have advantages, because seekers still maintain the restraint. So it's still grappled by seekers talking to net a grasp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so 25. This is, this is, then, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is 14 damage and a stunning strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Con, save
Tim Sackton: that's a natural 20. So that succeeds in the conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, second, attack.
Tim Sackton: But you still tell me how much damage you do. You still do damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I did a.
Mike Sackton: Clean.
Tim Sackton: Okay, but you do an extra one d 10 damage when it succeeds on a save.
Tim Sackton: That's what that aura strike is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, sorry. Let me do that real quick.
Tim Sackton: So as Ken's out.
Tim Sackton: swims in and starts pummeling it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did an extra 6 damage, Tim, on that one.
Tim Sackton: So guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My second attack with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. 26. That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do. Another 14 damage and some I'm using stunning. Another key for stunning. Strike again.
Tim Sackton: You can only do it once per turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Darn okay. Alright, then that's the second attack, and there's the 3rd attack.
Tim Sackton: Looking pretty red at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Funny way.
Tim Sackton: Corridor health.
Tim Sackton: So Kenza's 3.
Tim Sackton: Another price.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damage.
Tim Sackton: Pummel into it now, and it's looking
Tim Sackton: pretty rough, as these minions are going to
Tim Sackton: close in on the spellcasters.
Tim Sackton: trying to
Tim Sackton: disrupt
Tim Sackton: the telekinetic magic that is holding their master.
Mike Sackton: They still all need to make concepts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Beautiful, one.
Tim Sackton: To make a con save yep.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Some of them are going to be dead because everyone who fails as Conseil dies.
Tim Sackton: and 2, 3, 4.
Tim Sackton: And it's what is it? It's.
Mike Sackton: 9 19.
Tim Sackton: Their con modifier.
Tim Sackton: I think it's plus 4,
Tim Sackton: yeah, plus 4. Okay,
Tim Sackton: fail
Tim Sackton: bail
Tim Sackton: for mail.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: So there's only 3 that attack, you seeker.
Tim Sackton: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Aid.
Tim Sackton: 20 to hit.
Tim Sackton: and another 15 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15.
Tim Sackton: And another saving. Throw on your talk and useless.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's the con! Save.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just.
Tim Sackton: I know you are.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it automatically did the event.
Tim Sackton: Astronomically ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forecaster.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I rolled it.
Mike Sackton: All the yeah. You're all the.
Eric Rosenbaum: 4 and a 10.
Tim Sackton: Sex.
Mike Sackton: And yeah, 2.
Tim Sackton: So talking uses ends.
Tim Sackton: you'll.
Mike Sackton: Oh, well.
Tim Sackton: I'll know.
Mike Sackton: That risk.
Tim Sackton: Having already been. It's not restrained anymore, but it is still blind from Briswyn spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: so remove restraint, but I forgot to add blind.
Tim Sackton: So now it's blind.
Tim Sackton: that ends the the
Tim Sackton: minion's turn. But now
Tim Sackton: the with the
Tim Sackton: the layer, the shooting out of the
Tim Sackton: shooting out of the of the
Tim Sackton: of the portal. Now are these like
Tim Sackton: lines, 3 gobs of lines of this
Tim Sackton: sticky black
Tim Sackton: poisonous
Tim Sackton: goo that hit
Tim Sackton: dealt with Kenzo and Wellbe. All of you have to make constitution saving throws.
Tim Sackton: Dallas and Welby are both poisoned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20.
Tim Sackton: Kenza was not poison wouldn't have been poisoned anyway, because you're immune to poison.
Tim Sackton: and that
Tim Sackton: brings up Bobby's terms.
D: Yes.
D: What's the effect of poison?
Tim Sackton: Disadvantage on attack rolls.
D: Used
D: so anywhere that.
Tim Sackton: Can't
Tim Sackton: unpoison yourself.
Tim Sackton: So it's it's currently blind, which means you're unseen. So that gives you advantage. So disadvantage cancels out. You've got a straight role
Tim Sackton: that's me.
D: Alright straight role it is.
Tim Sackton: Badass it
Tim Sackton: 35 damage. So I'll be, despite the
Tim Sackton: the sickening
Tim Sackton: feeling of this.
Tim Sackton: Who's around you launches
Tim Sackton: another attack
Tim Sackton: at the creature which is now looking badly hurt and flailing around, looking for a way out
Tim Sackton: as well. These turn ends, and Dellith's turn begins.
Mike Sackton: Let's attack 3 times.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Mike Sackton: for.
Tim Sackton: 21 hits.
Mike Sackton: On the first.st That's 14 damage.
Mike Sackton: That's 18 damage.
Tim Sackton: Looking quite wounded at.
Mike Sackton: And that's
Tim Sackton: That the.
Mike Sackton: Well, 17, th 17th damage.
Tim Sackton: So with
Tim Sackton: Bat
Tim Sackton: dealt with last strike,
Tim Sackton: flashes into this creature, and as it's
Tim Sackton: lined and restrict well, not, we're seeing it anymore, or stunned, but it
Tim Sackton: looks around and then falls backwards and begins to disintegrate as
Tim Sackton: you as you kill it.
Tim Sackton: and you can see its form beginning to shrink the the
Tim Sackton: well, I guess the minions. I'm not gonna bother the minions
Tim Sackton: between
Tim Sackton: risen seeker and having to make saving throws at the beginning of their turn. All of the minions are gonna be killed before they get to act again.
Tim Sackton: so with that
Tim Sackton: silence, you have 25 events for today until next Tuesday.
Tim Sackton: as you find yourself now standing in this empty room.
Tim Sackton: still the glowing portal
Tim Sackton: right there in the center of the floor.
Tim Sackton: leading
Tim Sackton: presumably to the plain of water.
Mike Sackton: I think we want to go through before the
Mike Sackton: crab.
Mike Sackton: But that's right.
D: I could definitely use some healing, though.
Kate Sackton: I was just gonna say, should should I send out a wave of healing energy? Because
Kate Sackton: and 6 of you get
Kate Sackton: 3D. 8? Or should I do some other sort of healing.
D: So I'm down 60.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oof, I'm only down 30, but I'm.
Mike Sackton: I'm down 0.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. Wow! You were right up in there. How's Kendall doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I'm got a full hit points. Actually, I was not. I got gravel.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Basically, well, be sacrificed himself to steal its trident, which was a brilliant move.
Tim Sackton: I must say that worked out super well for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's awesome.
Tim Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: I.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So some high level healing for wellbeing.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
D: We can also use potions. If you want to save spell slots.
Kate Sackton: 108 was my spell. Casting ability, modifier.
Mike Sackton: I could heal you.
Kate Sackton: I mean I I don't mind. I've got slots, but
Kate Sackton: don't know what my spell testing ability modifier is.
Kate Sackton: It's my.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: There's actually an advantage to me in casting my last spell.
Kate Sackton: Okay, fine cast or less. They'll deal with.
Mike Sackton: Cause, then I could regain.
Tim Sackton: One of you can heal
Tim Sackton: well, be in one of the.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yelled.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. See?
Mike Sackton: He'll he'll seek her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Mean my healing? Is not that good?
Mike Sackton: But.
Kate Sackton: All right. Well, who gets Wendy 8 plus 11
Kate Sackton: out.
Mike Sackton: Instead of you. Mine's way. Better wait.
Tim Sackton: Boy you can use.
Mike Sackton: Aye.
Tim Sackton: Level slot.
Mike Sackton: I'll heal, I'll heal, I'll heal
Mike Sackton: well be if you're only doing one d. 8 plus 11. I do. I do 5 Z. 4 plus 5. That'll be better right?
Kate Sackton: Thought care, wounds was supposed to be good.
Tim Sackton: It is, but not if you cast it at 1st level, casted it like, and 5, th 3.rd
Kate Sackton: Says, 5th level.
Tim Sackton: But that doesn't do. One d. 8. That does. 5 d. 8.
Mike Sackton: Okay, seeker. Heal 11 and 19.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: It's great. That's how you do.
Kate Sackton: All right. Well, okay, fine. At higher levels. I didn't read the whole description.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, okay.
Kate Sackton: How many
Kate Sackton: so
Kate Sackton: matching seekers illness to my number of DH. How about 48 plus 11.
Mike Sackton: Well, be.
Kate Sackton: I'm I don't need.
Tim Sackton: Well, they get wealthy, gets 48 plus 11 plus 5, not plus 11. Where did plus 11 cook from.
Kate Sackton: Isaac said it was my wisdom.
Tim Sackton: It's plus 5.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Fine. Well.
Tim Sackton: Where's the 11? Plus 11.
Kate Sackton: Oh, that wisdom! It says wisdom like 3 places on the sheet. You got it.
Tim Sackton: That's your savings guys. Now, it's just.
Kate Sackton: The top wisdom, not the left wisdom or the bottom wisdom. I got it obviously.
D: Alright, I
D: I would still take more healing if we're going into another fight like this one.
Kate Sackton: All right. Sure.
Kate Sackton: So you did that. 5G. 8 plus 5 or 48 plus 5.
D: 48 plus 5.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: I can do another 3 to 8 plus 5.
D: I would love that.
Kate Sackton: Why not?
Kate Sackton: Because you can't cast 2 different spells, that's the same time.
Kate Sackton: Well, there's
Kate Sackton: isn't there anything.
D: Presumably, Kenza. You can remove the.
Kate Sackton: My DM. Is letting me. Oh, you're 9.
Tim Sackton: It's it's not in con. They're not in combat.
Kate Sackton: Yes. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: Poison Eggs.
Kate Sackton: Going on. Of course I know you don't know what's going on.
Tim Sackton: When when the creature dies.
Kate Sackton: Do it again if you're not.
Kate Sackton: but you can't do it on the same chill like I thought you're still paying a good time.
Tim Sackton: Another.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be rolled 17. That's better than what you rolled so well. We take your note.
Kate Sackton: Oh, apparently I'm rolling again. Way to go recovered website.
Tim Sackton: I guess.
Kate Sackton: Just trying, so.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Mark the spell. Slot.
Kate Sackton: All right, Yank.
Tim Sackton: You now
Tim Sackton: prepare to step through the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this is the part where we're just gonna swim through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pick up the jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: swim back right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, can I? Can I commune with nature? Through the portal.
Tim Sackton: You already communed with nature once
Tim Sackton: today. So you would need to.
Tim Sackton: I think it's what 4 key or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's not work. Good.
D: Wanna like reinvisible ourselves? Is that an option.
Kate Sackton: Reinvisible a couple of ourselves.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, second.
Kate Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: Just got back 2 of my 3 spell slots so I could cast invisible again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Haven't seen them.
Mike Sackton: 4, 3, 4. Hold on! Let me check
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: 3, rd 4, th 5, th 4.
Mike Sackton: Everybody bought one.
D: Hello!
D: And I'm sneaky. Maybe I could hide
D: the plain of water.
Mike Sackton: Sounds super confident.
Mike Sackton: listen.
D: Yeah, huh.
D: I could just help them.
Kate Sackton: I could just lean on my high A/C and just go in and draw
Kate Sackton: draw attention.
Kate Sackton: I'd like our jade back.
D: Yeah, that.
Kate Sackton: Grouchy little dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I mean, we think we might encounter.
Tim Sackton: You have no idea what's on the other side of this portal.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My guess is like something really happy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: joyful, peaceful.
Kate Sackton: That was sending through
Kate Sackton: poisonous blackfish.
Kate Sackton: Violence.
Kate Sackton: interplanar poisonous blackness finds.
Mike Sackton: I mean, should we like
Mike Sackton: we should? Just let's, I'll cast some visibility. Let's just go through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Who is invisible?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm I'm invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me just do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for sure.
Kate Sackton: I'm fine either way. Whatever you want to do.
Mike Sackton: Rizlins, visible.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: We'll be spending.
Tim Sackton: Ray of dwarf
Tim Sackton: steps through alone.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: But not actually allowing.
Tim Sackton: So, as you all transit through the portal.
Tim Sackton: you find yourself
Tim Sackton: on a large circular coral platform, suspended in an infinite
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: expanse of water in all directions.
Tim Sackton: The only light that you can see is this sort of
Tim Sackton: faint
Tim Sackton: 8
Tim Sackton: sort of constant glow in the water that seems to be created by some sort of bioluminescence that's casting an eerie soft glow across the scene.
Tim Sackton: But the further you get from this platform that you step onto the vast dark expanse of water, stretches
Tim Sackton: infinitely with no sea Florence, or surface in sight
Tim Sackton: as you step through you see, this is not this platform is not empty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Never is.
D: Friends.
Tim Sackton: There are
Tim Sackton: for him
Tim Sackton: friends. There's very cheerful people sitting around waiting to greet you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Welcoming us.
Kate Sackton: Singing, Murphy.
D: Do for once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Favorite foods, relaxing the.
Tim Sackton: 10
Tim Sackton: guards in total moving sort of
Tim Sackton: some standing on what looks like. So as you merge from the platform, you're in this in the
Tim Sackton: as you merge from the portal. You're in the center of this large platform, and and it's maybe a hundred
Tim Sackton: feet across, maybe a bit bigger than that
Tim Sackton: just to the sort of
Tim Sackton: up north, arbitrary direction. But in one direction there's like a small sort of tower.
Tim Sackton: It really looks like just a smooth, soft top of like a lump of bleached coral. There's a couple of Murpho kind of standing there idly, a few others that are kind of swimming in lazy circles. They seem to be
Tim Sackton: patrolling, but not in
Tim Sackton: not a.
Tim Sackton: I would say, the most alert patrol, though of course they see risen the minute she steps through the portal. We'll get to that in a sec.
Tim Sackton: Sort of if you imagine that that
Tim Sackton: sort of small tower here actually
Tim Sackton: in role 20,
Tim Sackton: we can see exactly what it looks like.
Tim Sackton: So as you emerge, here's here's the sort of guard tower
Tim Sackton: in this direction. There's a what looks like a giant kelp
Tim Sackton: netting that's strung out over the edge of the platform, just floating there, and there's maybe half a dozen manta rays that are kind of swimming in lazy circles in this pen.
Tim Sackton: Behind you, over here there's what looks like a bioluminescent road that leads off into the darkness with these floating green
Tim Sackton: lobs of glowing
Tim Sackton: jellyfish algae, it's hard to say, but it seems to be marking a direction that goes off
Tim Sackton: for some distance, for, as far as you can clearly see.
Tim Sackton: behind you.
Tim Sackton: There's what looks like a
Tim Sackton: storage platform or something. There's like netting. There's some empty containers. It looks like. There's some.
Tim Sackton: you know, sorting of something happening there, but there's not anything. There's not any big piles of material or anything right now. It seems empty at the moment.
Tim Sackton: and then hanging off the side of the platform. Just beyond this tower you can see
Tim Sackton: but look like the roofs of 4 or 5 of 5 like hots that are attached to the side of the platform and drop down
Tim Sackton: below
Tim Sackton: below the edge.
Tim Sackton: The instant that resume.
Mike Sackton: Sorry? Is this scale accurate, or is this.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So it's about a hundred feet in diameter. Roughly.
Mike Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: I think that should be about.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and.
Tim Sackton: A little bit more than a hundred feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we came out in the center.
Tim Sackton: The center. Yeah, I'll I'll
Tim Sackton: I don't know if you can drop your characters. You can drop your characters or I'll drop them in a sec and need to drop the guard tokens.
Tim Sackton: I need to look at my notes as to
Tim Sackton: how many guards there are. Anyway, they they are. I mean.
Tim Sackton: they're somewhat lazy and not the maybe the most organized guards. But they're not.
Tim Sackton: Completely, not paying attention, and so the instant they see
Tim Sackton: a dwarf step through
Tim Sackton: 2 of them
Tim Sackton: look like, and we'll roll initiative before anything else happens. 2 of them look like they're about to peel off
Tim Sackton: from this platform and swim.
Tim Sackton: or the mantua pens.
Tim Sackton: 2 of them seem to be going, not from the platform, but like
Tim Sackton: moving past the platform and heading for these.
Tim Sackton: hots!
Tim Sackton: And the remaining 6 begin to close in on risen
Tim Sackton: with their
Tim Sackton: spears and trident. So one of them is holding
Tim Sackton: Silver rapier.
Tim Sackton: and I will drop
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: tokens.
Tim Sackton: So these 2 on the platform
Tim Sackton: just like they look at each other and give a shout, and then immediately look like they're about to start dashing towards the manta rays.
Tim Sackton: These 2
Tim Sackton: again. Some of these are minions
Tim Sackton: down here begin dashing past. Look like they're moving to dash past this platform and go to these huts.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: I guess this patrol was like more down.
Tim Sackton: This patrol down here.
Tim Sackton: Looks like they're about to
Tim Sackton: run towards risen
Tim Sackton: style.
Tim Sackton: you all emerge
Tim Sackton: and immediately roll initiative.
Tim Sackton: Don't have much time for planning.
Tim Sackton: And who do? I still need
Tim Sackton: seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15.
Tim Sackton: I will.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Team.
Tim Sackton: 17 seeker.
Tim Sackton: Well, everybody will. The 17.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Kenza, you said you rolled a 17 too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. I wrote the 15.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: And well below the 19,
Mike Sackton: but right.
Kate Sackton: 3 out of 5 is everybody.
Tim Sackton: Have.
Tim Sackton: So it's Welby first, st then seeker resin dealt with, and then Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Let me just
Tim Sackton: role there. Initiatives for these 3 groups.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: the.
Mike Sackton: What?
Mike Sackton: Where's the 3rd group?
Mike Sackton: These 2 are 2 separate groups. That's 1 group. And that's 1 group.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Where's the guy with the Sylvia? Right here.
Tim Sackton: This guy
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: sorry. Gotta just pull up these
Tim Sackton: Step Rock so I can get their initiatives.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that's
Tim Sackton: They will very poorly.
Eric Rosenbaum: And try to raise the alarm.
Tim Sackton: He will did very well.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: the warriors roles
Tim Sackton: also. Well.
Tim Sackton: okay. So oh, then, for the second lawyer group we were enabled very badly.
Tim Sackton: Well, the ones you want to roll badly are the ones who roll badly from your point of view. The captain sees risen
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: this the one with the silver rape here gets
Tim Sackton: gets the jump on you.
Tim Sackton: and runs. Let me see what his from speed is.
Tim Sackton: bath
Tim Sackton: is gonna run!
Tim Sackton: About halfway there yelling for his troops to follow
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: is going to
Tim Sackton: turn and
Tim Sackton: He seems not to be using the sword so much as just
Tim Sackton: holding it, and he holds up this hand, and he
Tim Sackton: makes this wave, and then this blast of cold washes across
Tim Sackton: targeting, risen, but incidentally hitting the rest of you. Everybody needs to make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you say everyone that means all of us.
Tim Sackton: That means all of you. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: everybody but Seeker
Tim Sackton: takes
Tim Sackton: 1918,
Tim Sackton: 2, 30.
Tim Sackton: Everybody but Seeker takes. What did Rismanville. Kate, what did Rismondville.
Kate Sackton: 16.
Tim Sackton: Okay, everybody but seeker takes
Tim Sackton: 16 points of cold damage.
Tim Sackton: Seeker takes 32 points of cold damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hatch.
Eric Rosenbaum: 32.
Tim Sackton: and that will end his turn.
Tim Sackton: And then these warriors
Tim Sackton: behind him
Tim Sackton: are gonna rush in to try and surround risen.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's going great so far.
Tim Sackton: Oh! Oh!
D: Better than 19.
Tim Sackton: With
Tim Sackton: constitution.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's the 19.th
Tim Sackton: Although you'll make it yeah.
Tim Sackton: this one's gonna run there.
Tim Sackton: okay, this one would be going to Kenza spot. And then it's gonna bump into like.
Tim Sackton: what? Oh, okay. And then
Tim Sackton: look confused and stop.
Tim Sackton: Having seen that these 2 are going to swim up
Tim Sackton: so that they.
Tim Sackton: this one is right above Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: And then this one is right above the portal.
Tim Sackton: One of them's gonna swing wildly at this invisible creature in front of it
Tim Sackton: with disadvantage, and miss, the other 3 are gonna swing at Risen
Tim Sackton: and miss.
Tim Sackton: and that brings up wellbe.
D: Alright, I'm invisible. I'm gonna shoot the guy with the silver rapier. I'm gonna attempt to disarm again.
D: That is another DC. 18
D: deck save. So there you go.
D: 24.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, 24 hits.
Tim Sackton: So you are visible.
D: About
Tim Sackton: He fails his deck save, and he takes.
D: 11 plus 25. The last 2 dice were a 4 and a 1.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: 36, damage.
D: Yep.
Tim Sackton: let me set up. Okay.
D: Awesome.
D: This makes me so happy. 2 for 2.
D: So I'm gonna swim over and grab that thing.
D: cutting action, disengage
D: and.
Tim Sackton: With your perception. When you pick it up, it looks
Tim Sackton: maybe halfling. Make.
D: Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cloth, West.
D: And I
D: I don't know. Should I stay in the open or go in the hut?
D: Is there anything in the hut.
Tim Sackton: Witch, hunt.
D: The.
Tim Sackton: Down here. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: that's no, that's it's not really. It's not covered. It's just like a flat platform. There's like chains and harnesses hanging off of it. There's a net there. It looks like it's more sort of
Tim Sackton: a staging area for something. What is hard to say.
D: In that case I'm gonna get myself back around the other side again.
Tim Sackton: But okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
D: And I'm gonna.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: that ends well this term.
D: I have to step away for a minute here, I'll be back.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about casting slow
Eric Rosenbaum: with a 40 foot cube I can get.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess
Eric Rosenbaum: it's really just
Eric Rosenbaum: art sees.
Mike Sackton: Alright, these guys over here, the ones who are running off to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, that's actually right.
Mike Sackton: Think half
Mike Sackton: with her like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can slow all 4 of the ones on the left. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You could get all 4 of those. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, yeah. Good call.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's who we need to slow down
Eric Rosenbaum: and.
Tim Sackton: That's a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's her. Let me just
Eric Rosenbaum: it's okay. Slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wisdom. 7, 30, c. 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, they. They all fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: So they are all slowed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And can I move without
Eric Rosenbaum: triggering an opportunity? Tech.
Mike Sackton: There's 1.
Tim Sackton: No, but
Tim Sackton: you know y'all
Tim Sackton: you'll trigger an opportunity to act from just this one where you're here is the only one.
Eric Rosenbaum: The team, wise to
Eric Rosenbaum: step away or not
Eric Rosenbaum: at.
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't bother.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still. Right? Now, okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, unless there's something you're trying to achieve by stepping away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no, I'm not trying to get anywhere. Okay, I'm done.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that and seekers turn riz when is next?
Tim Sackton: I'm just marking them all as slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Some point somehow.
Tim Sackton: I'll use that for a slide.
Kate Sackton: Right!
Tim Sackton: So that reduces their speed.
Tim Sackton: What is the effective, slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speed is halved minus 2 for A/C. And dexterity saving throws can't use reactions
Eric Rosenbaum: on its turn keys and action on Bose action, not both.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then spills are.
Tim Sackton: Do you guys have this? The main thing I needed to know? Okay, rizwin is opted out with us next. Then Kenzie.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: I am going, are we? Still?
Kate Sackton: There's a bunch of them around us. I am casting
Kate Sackton: spiritual
Kate Sackton: spirit guardians.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: That's a 15 foot radius.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: and that's when they start. Their term so dealt with is next.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm going to miss the step using a sorcerer slot here
Mike Sackton: and then attack these guys.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, guy.
Mike Sackton: The guy on the left. 24.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: For 8 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Back him again, 16.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: For 8 more damage.
Mike Sackton: Fantastic, 1021.
Tim Sackton: Hits.
Mike Sackton: For her
Mike Sackton: 13 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Dellith appears and slashes at this thing 3 times with his
Tim Sackton: right here. Now it looks
Tim Sackton: pretty wounded after that.
Tim Sackton: As Kenzo now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, is it worth soul setting? Or we gonna just kind of fuck these guys up right now.
Mike Sackton: You could souls like the Spotcaster, Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'll so. Oh, yeah, I'll still say, Ben.
Tim Sackton: Okay. His
Tim Sackton: con and
Tim Sackton: charisma are as best saves.
Tim Sackton: Dax and int are as worst resistant to cold and fire. Damage. Nothing, no other.
Tim Sackton: But that's his.
Mike Sackton: Challenge
Mike Sackton: 8 and 10. Edit. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doc.
Tim Sackton: Super strong.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I just fuck up 3 dudes that I'm in melee with right now?
Kate Sackton: Oh, yes. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, Tim! Are these minions, or are they.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're minions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like such a waste.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but.
Mike Sackton: Clearing out 3. I mean, you can kill the minions and then go after the back.
Tim Sackton: Might be able to fill all 4 of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I'll try that. Then.
Mike Sackton: But there's only 3 of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ok.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Try and kill all 4 of them. That's a good. That's a good move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, but there's 3 in melee. Where's the 4th one?
Mike Sackton: There's 1 on top of you. You can't see it very easily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even because.
Mike Sackton: Token is under you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I'll do that to him. I'll spend a key.
Tim Sackton: No
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can get by the tax.
Tim Sackton: Bob.
Tim Sackton: it doesn't affect you, but as they're swimming around and surrounding you, they are turning the water within about a 15 foot radius, so you can't see beyond 15 feet
Tim Sackton: when you're next to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Let me start to. So I just need to, for to kill millions, I just need to.
Tim Sackton: You just need to hit them, but it's still all damaged, because you can kill more than one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there advantage right now?
Tim Sackton: No, no, no advantage, only on the spellcaster, who? Well, we had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. 11 on the 1st one damage.
Mike Sackton: Way. Hold on.
Mike Sackton: no doubt. Isn't.
Mike Sackton: Isn't he still invisible?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, you didn't catch the concentration spell. Yeah. Kenzo's still invisible. You got advantage on your 1st attack.
Mike Sackton: I mean not that it matters.
Kate Sackton: And we can.
Tim Sackton: 11, kills 2 of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, 28.
Tim Sackton: Not hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 10.
Tim Sackton: 10 kills one of them, the one above you.
Tim Sackton: 1st punch takes out oops, not you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, 3rd attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28.
Tim Sackton: That kills the last one. So Kenza, with 3 hits, manages to knock
Tim Sackton: all 4 of these warriors.
Tim Sackton: And then you can still make your last 2 attacks on on this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, exactly. I'll definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That!
Tim Sackton: So those you have advantage on those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25. Let's see if I quit, though I did not. Still 25.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I will. What's what's the what's its weakest thing again?
Eric Rosenbaum: X.
Tim Sackton: Dax, and intelligence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Decks and intelligence. Also try to stun it.
Tim Sackton: But Guy.
Tim Sackton: just regular stun
Tim Sackton: Nope, that's a 19 plus 3 is 22.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and then final attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 16.
Tim Sackton: 16, hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15 damage.
Tim Sackton: So with you.
Tim Sackton: So sorry! How much damage was that total 15 for the second, and 15 for the first.st
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11 for the 1, st 15, th for the second.
Tim Sackton: But, Guy.
Tim Sackton: and then roll your extra d. 10 for
Tim Sackton: succeed, because it succeeded, save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Reminding man. I always forget about that extra d 10,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: Kenzo
Tim Sackton: blurries and
Tim Sackton: takes out 4 minions and then dives at this leader
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: these
Tim Sackton: to here
Tim Sackton: dash user action to dash so they can move. 1, 2, 3, 4.
Mike Sackton: Which ones.
Tim Sackton: 5, 6, these 2 down here.
Mike Sackton: They're slow, remember. But yes.
Tim Sackton: 5. Yep.
Tim Sackton: So they move there. They seem to be going for these hots.
Tim Sackton: and they get another save
Tim Sackton: but without a bonus to wisdom. It's gonna be tough.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. What's your
Tim Sackton: What's the saving? Throw? DC.
Eric Rosenbaum: For slow.
Tim Sackton: Slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's 18.
Tim Sackton: 1818. Actually one of them.
Tim Sackton: this one here does succeed.
Tim Sackton: The other one is still slowed that ends
Tim Sackton: their turn.
Tim Sackton: These 2 are also going to dash.
Mike Sackton: Which 2.
Tim Sackton: Though you can choose the 2 next to you, you can choose who you're gonna make an opportunity to talk again.
Mike Sackton: One. I'll make it up to. Jacob has the hard one.
Tim Sackton: So guy.
Mike Sackton: Or.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: 14 damage.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: and that will end their turn. They also both get
Tim Sackton: a chance to save again.
Tim Sackton: What's their plus here?
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: wounded one succeeds and is no longer slowed. The
Tim Sackton: unmuted one is still slowed
Tim Sackton: that ends their turn back to the minions are gone.
Tim Sackton: This captain, who's
Tim Sackton: barely wounded.
Tim Sackton: And then he is going to
Tim Sackton: reach out and
Tim Sackton: swing is hand forward at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a 14 that misses.
Tim Sackton: and a 19
Tim Sackton: Kong. What's Kenza's A/C.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It should be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on! Sorry! Here's something slow.
Tim Sackton: It's I. Sorry I have it. It's 19. So 19 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: With the second of his 2 attacks, and the water freezes around you.
Tim Sackton: Thomas.
Tim Sackton: and you take
Tim Sackton: 1117 points of cold damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
Tim Sackton: And that will end its turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 17 points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: getting kind of hurt.
Tim Sackton: And that brings up Welby, who will keep
Tim Sackton: shooting as appropriate according to sports, so which as well, we want to shoot.
Mike Sackton: The guys who are getting away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Injured person in front of him to start.
Mike Sackton: He gets just one shot, I guess, so.
Tim Sackton: He just gets one shot. Yeah, load or.
Mike Sackton: They eat the hurt one. Try and kill one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So her 30 am.
Kate Sackton: But anymore.
Tim Sackton: Tack with advantage on the hurt. One is not slowed.
Tim Sackton: so they want to roll.
Mike Sackton: Canada.
Mike Sackton: That's a crappy roll.
Mike Sackton: Does that.
Tim Sackton: So 5 plus
Tim Sackton: oh, he reroll once because he's a half one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing! Amazing!
Mike Sackton: There we go!
Tim Sackton: Okay? 12. Yeah. That hits.
Mike Sackton: What's his damage?
Mike Sackton: It's like.
Tim Sackton: It's this is he does like.
Tim Sackton: unless you roll all one, he's gonna die. It's like
Tim Sackton: 8 d. 6 plus 5.
Mike Sackton: ATM.
Tim Sackton: You didn't quite. That's still enough to kill it.
Tim Sackton: So while this arrow takes down.
Tim Sackton: takes down the the trailing, and now, unsowed, of the ones running away, and that brings up seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe I can hit one with a catapult. Actually, can I hit 2.
Tim Sackton: When I'm kind of old.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strike one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if the first, st if the 1st one dodges under the second in line behind it, you have a chance to catch the second one with the catapult, but it
Tim Sackton: dude, damn, and.
Mike Sackton: It's a deck safe right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, she.
Mike Sackton: Go. I whacked the slug. Guy, at disadvantage on deck, saves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I will do that. So I will cast catapult at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worst level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not amazing. But.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so he fails as he is slowed. He is very difficult dodging out of the way.
Tim Sackton: And this chunk of rock strikes
Tim Sackton: creature who's running staggering him slightly as risen.
Kate Sackton: Moves closer
Kate Sackton: with my limited
Kate Sackton: movement.
Tim Sackton: Moves closer, to which one, the one running away, or the.
Kate Sackton: The one running way.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Kate Sackton: But I think I make it so that he's in the range of.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you can get there.
Tim Sackton: So that actually reduces the speed further. So now he can move like nothing.
Tim Sackton: that's your move.
Tim Sackton: You can still
Tim Sackton: do an action if you would like to.
Kate Sackton: Sure I will
Kate Sackton: shoot him from an incredibly short range with an arrow.
Kate Sackton: See how that goes.
Tim Sackton: Well, should just use a can trap. There's no reason to use an arrow.
Tim Sackton: I.
Kate Sackton: Okay, fine. I'll take that advice.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you'll do way more damage with a can trap.
Kate Sackton: Share her.
Kate Sackton: well, acceptable.
Kate Sackton: All of my can't trips are
Kate Sackton: well.
Mike Sackton: Air.
Kate Sackton: Fire
Tim Sackton: Sacred flame's not fire.
Mike Sackton: And it says it says, Let's take your point. Radiant.
Tim Sackton: It's radiant.
Kate Sackton: Oh, it!
Tim Sackton: Not fire! Damage.
Kate Sackton: Well, it has a name like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Game? Who?
Kate Sackton: Can blame me for thinking that it had to something to do with fire. All right, sure I will cast sacred flame.
Tim Sackton: That's a deck, save so he has disadvantage on that, too. Oh, fails!
Tim Sackton: So that's the video.
Kate Sackton: Through the 8th
Kate Sackton: 17.
Kate Sackton: I don't know if that is through or not.
Tim Sackton: So the holy fire erupts around. This guy.
Tim Sackton: looking
Tim Sackton: pretty wounded at this point, dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I will. I'll just blast
Mike Sackton: the 1st blast at one of the minions.
Tim Sackton: But guy.
Mike Sackton: 23.
Tim Sackton: That's.
Mike Sackton: For 1 point a day.
Tim Sackton: Dad.
Kate Sackton: Awesome.
Mike Sackton: It's blast.
Tim Sackton: Because he's a Minion.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Second blasted another minion
Mike Sackton: 28.
Tim Sackton: Dad.
Mike Sackton: Or 10 points of damage. Then I will 3rd blast at the escaping guy.
Mike Sackton: So 15. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 15 does
Tim Sackton: 15. Does that.
Mike Sackton: For 8 point damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is up.
Mike Sackton: And then I will wait. I'm gonna move.
Tim Sackton: Bonus action.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm not using my bonus. Actually, I'm just moving.
Tim Sackton: Guys.
Mike Sackton: Just want to get closer to him.
Mike Sackton: So I handle the 3 right, Tim, half move. So there we go.
Mike Sackton: Kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry guys, my computer is just like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: slowing down. Okay, here we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I guess I'll just fuck up the guy in front of me.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's totally what you should do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worth at the stun em. Why not?
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, maybe it is. I guess it is actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1016.
Tim Sackton: 16 hits as you do use as a reaction to create this ice shield in front of him.
Tim Sackton: You punch through it, roll your damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14.
Tim Sackton: 14 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
Tim Sackton: You punch through it, but it explodes
Tim Sackton: in front of you, doing
Tim Sackton: 11 points of cold damage to Kenzel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't. I can't reflect that back or
Tim Sackton: No, cause! It's not an attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, I'll use a key on a stunning strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: 19 is rolling. Well.
Tim Sackton: but roll your roll. Your extra damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do an extra 8 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! 4 more time.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: 4 more tax is probably gonna that's gonna mess them up pretty bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see, it happens
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, 7. Damage.
Tim Sackton: Staggers back slightly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But more damage.
Tim Sackton: Looking badly hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: another 11. Damage.
Tim Sackton: As that blow land falls backwards.
Tim Sackton: Collapsing at your feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still have one more attack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can swim, swim over to this. What's your move?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 60.
Tim Sackton: You've got a swim feeds. Yeah, you can get to this guy and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that.
Tim Sackton: The runner.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo, after punching the
Tim Sackton: captain to the ground, darts over to this Murphok, who's swimming for the
Tim Sackton: for the manta ray pens
Tim Sackton: and takes a final swing at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13.
Tim Sackton: And knocks him.
Tim Sackton: killing that enemy as well, leaving
Tim Sackton: no guards standing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thorough.
Mike Sackton: Alright, so let's quickly get under cover.
Mike Sackton: Is this tower or this building are either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Mike Sackton: Buildings.
Eric Rosenbaum: These houses are held enclosed.
Tim Sackton: These are huts. These are like the roofs of huts, and there's like a building that's connected to the side going over the edge. Now
Tim Sackton: 2 guards were running towards these structures.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't. I'm I meant.
Mike Sackton: what's this.
Tim Sackton: That's that's like a flat platform that's.
Mike Sackton: These are both platforms. Got it?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: this is probably like a parking spot, for, like a giant, like a whale shark, or something that they ride.
Mike Sackton: Play.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or an octopus, or something created like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody somebody peek around the edge of one of these.
Eric Rosenbaum: but sincere.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's any activity down there.
Kate Sackton: The world.
Mike Sackton: And we like.
Kate Sackton: They're buoyancy from.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, can we like quarterly answer. Send a fish to scout.
Mike Sackton: and I'll be find a fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could clear I could clear vines. That's yeah.
Tim Sackton: You've already used your your
Tim Sackton: pull an object out of your hat, so you would have to somehow lure the native fauna of the plain of water which might not actually be beasts. They might be mostly elementals.
D: That is interesting.
D: Everything I can pull out of my hat dies in an ocean, anyways.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right!
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll cast Clairvoyance.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: On, where.
Tim Sackton: presumably below the roof of one of these huts, but which one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Mike Sackton: Middle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: The middle. The middle one
Eric Rosenbaum: dealt with is smart, so I'll go with the middle one.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then also, if it's not a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can also blame Della. Perfect strategy. Okay.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: hold on. Can I roll?
Eric Rosenbaum: So have.
Tim Sackton: And I roll a d. 5 on. What do you need beyond? I think I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a weapon.
Tim Sackton: So again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nonphysical.
Tim Sackton: You see 4, Murph, who look like they're sleeping in this hot.
Tim Sackton: There's a pile of there's like trident. There's some gear, weapons and armor, mostly kind of piled around the hub, but it looks like a
Tim Sackton: you know. It's like a living quarter.
Kate Sackton: That's good. Cool.
Tim Sackton: Or folk.
Tim Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would better a.
Mike Sackton: Thing visible
Mike Sackton: other than what we see here.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Out into the ocean. It's not like there's a city nearby, or something.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing visible in the ocean except for this line of bioluminescence that runs off in this direction.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I was gonna suggest we we should just
Eric Rosenbaum: head out that way.
Mike Sackton: I just wondered.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we
Eric Rosenbaum: finds us.
Mike Sackton: If we want to try and short rest, or anything like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, there's 5.
D: There's 4 sleeping Murpho, who did not wake up like when we just had a battle and killed a bunch of people.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's very quick.
Mike Sackton: Let me say I mean.
Tim Sackton: Me, in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't.
Tim Sackton: The hots are. The hots are hanging below.
Tim Sackton: This is like 20 feet down, up against the side of the coral structure, and it's not particularly close to
Tim Sackton: where the
Tim Sackton: combat happen, plus you
Tim Sackton: killed them all in about 12 seconds.
Kate Sackton: Kenza, you got pretty beat up. Do you want some healing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That'd be great. Yeah, I just took like.
Mike Sackton: But before you use bells we should. If we're short resting, it's better to just hit this.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: are we suppressing?
D: Don't know what else, but.
Mike Sackton: Really not. But.
D: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're not.
Kate Sackton: Isn't that like hours.
Mike Sackton: What's 1 h.
Tim Sackton: It's not.
Mike Sackton: I just don't know if we should investigate these huts. I mean, I guess the missing guards will be noticed
Mike Sackton: relatively soon
Mike Sackton: yet.
Mike Sackton: I mean, yeah.
Tim Sackton: No idea.
Tim Sackton: Basically the scene right now, as battle ends. And actually everybody, clairvoyance takes 10 min to cast so well seekers cast and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's true.
Tim Sackton: Here's what does everybody else want to do? It's basically you've got the bodies of the guards lying around while these, presumably still holding onto this silver rape. Here,
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's manta rays
Tim Sackton: milling around in this pen, seeming uninterested in you.
Mike Sackton: Pen is the white.
Tim Sackton: The white thing. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay. But.
D: Unit, to.
Tim Sackton: I guess I'm excellent
Tim Sackton: structure of some kind.
Tim Sackton: Is sitting here, and then in the tower. This guard tower, you know, there's like
Tim Sackton: it's like a a guard post.
Tim Sackton: so there might be stuff. If you look.
Mike Sackton: Well, is there anything inside? I I thought you
Mike Sackton: sorry. Is there an inside to the guard tower? I got the impression there wasn't.
Tim Sackton: But there's like, you know, there's weapons propped up against the wall. It's like.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: 2 guards were sitting playing dice, like, you know, there's
Tim Sackton: on me.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so what does everybody want to do? Besides, secrets? Has the clear lines.
D: I wanna talk to the men raids.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna have cast detect magic with a ritual while he does cartwaves.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna identify the sword with a ritual.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: What else Kenzie want to do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're not short resting.
Mike Sackton: Well, we still might. We're just not right this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'd like to. I mean, commun with nature would be good on the side. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think if the huts.
Mike Sackton: if we could like hide, if we find like an empty hut, we think we could hide out in a hut for an hour.
Mike Sackton: I don't know that short. I think short resting will probably be a good idea.
Mike Sackton: It's just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Tim, are there any plants?
Tim Sackton: yeah, there's like, I mean, so most of this is like bleached coral. It's it's dead.
Tim Sackton: But there's a few clumps of like seaweed growing around here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'll speak with it. I'll speak with it, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See what I can learn.
Tim Sackton: But can I?
Tim Sackton: So let's let's do while we 1st
Tim Sackton: and then Kenzo, and then we'll come back to the people who are ritual doing stuff.
Tim Sackton: So so wellbe you
Tim Sackton: swim, and you're just leaving all the bodies lying where they fell.
Tim Sackton: just out of curiosity.
D: I mean, probably we should toss them over the side, but.
Mike Sackton: Well, I wanted to get to tech magic and make sure they don't have any magic items first.st
D: But also wonder, like the standard things that, like
D: humans would think would consume it like we throw them over the side and we wash some water around, and oh, they're gone! But like
D: for creature that lives underwater, they would totally smell everything that had happened there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
D: And I don't know if we can really conceal.
Mike Sackton: The app.
D: Battle.
D: That's realistic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good point.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So while he goes over to
Tim Sackton: this mantra pen, and as you swim closer you
Tim Sackton: as you get closer to them and you watch them. These are not
Tim Sackton: they. They're shaped like manta rays.
Tim Sackton: They sort of vaguely move like mandatories.
Tim Sackton: They're definitely not actual beasts. They're semi translucent.
Tim Sackton: and you can
Tim Sackton: like. They have spots that sort of
Tim Sackton: shimmer, and move along the sort of wings of the manta ray, but it almost looks like
Tim Sackton: they're made of water.
Tim Sackton: I would say, make a nature check.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, these are these are elementals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Blue.
D: Does animal handling apply to animal shaped elementals?
Tim Sackton: So animal handling would your animal telepathy would not.
Tim Sackton: Great thing.
D: Well.
Tim Sackton: Do you wanna try and like mount one and and ride it, or something.
D: The friend one, basically.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
D: Trouble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice, pick up.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make an make an n 1 handling check.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, so you spend a few minutes. Just you can tell these are. Actually, they're quite docile that they're clearly
Tim Sackton: used to being handled, and don't seem to make much distinction between
Tim Sackton: halflings and
Tim Sackton: murfolk
Tim Sackton: like these are obviously mounts, although there's not here any sort of harnesses or anything that would make them straightforward to ride.
Tim Sackton: But you can easily given that. They're used to being handled in your skill with sort of approaching any sort of animal.
Tim Sackton: Ish creature you you in the over the course of the 10 min you manage to
Tim Sackton: like, get one sort of comfortable with you actually get it to swim up to your hand. You can feel it's this weird.
Tim Sackton: almost like
Tim Sackton: jelly, like consistency. But when you touch it it's like
Tim Sackton: it's like a
Tim Sackton: non Newtonian fluid. It like becomes solid the minute you touch it.
D: So amazing.
D: So probably we're going to ride these to follow the glowing trail to the
D: jade.
D: Yeah, that's.
Kate Sackton: I think that was my plan.
D: Yeah. Hey?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenza, what do you want to ask? The plans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wanna ask it about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: danger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Want to ask it about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: weird Magic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It knows? If it yeah, if it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does it? Does it set, is it? Is it? Yeah, is there? Is there danger? Is there danger.
Tim Sackton: The it kind of like
Tim Sackton: curls into itself a little bit when you
Tim Sackton: speak to it, reacting sort of
Tim Sackton: in a surprised way, and
Tim Sackton: quickly, kind of
Tim Sackton: shudder slightly. And then, when you say danger, it's like
Tim Sackton: Yes, danger.
Tim Sackton: The little feet trample us.
Tim Sackton: They tried to flee.
Tim Sackton: They were caught.
Tim Sackton: and then it sort of shies back and it looks around. You are danger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also ask it. Yeah. I also asked him about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: green green magic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jade.
Tim Sackton: Sort of
Tim Sackton: it almost seems like it hisses slightly.
Tim Sackton: and it says
Tim Sackton: the nasty one controlled the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell me more about the nasty one.
Tim Sackton: She was stopped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But who stopped the nasty one.
Tim Sackton: Friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who are your friends.
Tim Sackton: Kind of pulls back. Not you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I make like a charisma like check, you know, like, kinda can I offer it some like, you know, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yummy plant food or yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, go ahead, and you can make a persuasion check.
D: Roll roll to charm coral.
D: basically.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Boy!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I rolled. An 8! Damn it!
Tim Sackton: Kind of hisses. Again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else. I wanna ask this plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eam.
D: did it say, little feet damaged it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It did say the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the end did.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little One.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was some kind of a threat, but it got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: handled by friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we're not friends. Is this one of those like the enemy of my enemy is my enemy thing. So it's like, if we're not friends, then are it's friends. Our enemies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this is another one of those. Let's just barge ahead.
Kate Sackton: This has been a lovely conversation with a coral plan.
D: Little feet in halfling rapier. Make me wonder if that halfling dude is down here somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little feet, Guy totally, totally.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's totally damaging.
Kate Sackton: Adopt him?
Kate Sackton: Good. Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, cause the kelp, would not. The the coral would not like the halfway.
D: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Well, if he accidentally stepped on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shall we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you think.
D: Next.
Tim Sackton: So while you've been talking to coral and
Tim Sackton: manta Ray water elementals respectively.
Tim Sackton: Speakers been clairabancing and seeing these guards and
Tim Sackton: Rizwan has been identifying this silver rapier.
Tim Sackton: So as you're holding it in your hand, Briswyn.
Tim Sackton: You know this is this is a very elegantly crafted weapon.
Tim Sackton: Am.
Tim Sackton: It has looking at it as you begin to identify it.
Tim Sackton: You can see the hilt is designed with this sort of nautical motif of waves. That kind of spiral up in silver, with a small sapphire at the fall end. But taste tastefully done.
Tim Sackton: The the grip looks like it might once have been wrapped in some sort of colorful leather which has been
Tim Sackton: lost.
Tim Sackton: It's a plus one weapon
Tim Sackton: grants a plus one bonus to attack and damage roles.
Tim Sackton: Well, using this weapon, you can use a bonus action to enter a semi-incorporal state
Tim Sackton: until the start of your next turn.
Tim Sackton: Well, in this state you have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage, and have a watery form
Tim Sackton: allowing you to pass through cracks as small as one inch
Tim Sackton: which once it's used can't be used until you long rest
Tim Sackton: and a dozen extra one d. 6 lightning damage with each. Strike
Tim Sackton: some pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And lacked them.
D: It's pretty sweet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Water reform thing is interesting.
Mike Sackton: you said one d. 6 lightning damage!
Tim Sackton: Yep.
D: Does it need attainment.
Tim Sackton: Does need a teammate.
Mike Sackton: Can you, as a short rest, let you swap a tune in.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: check
Tim Sackton: bye.
Mike Sackton: Out!
Tim Sackton: You're detecting magic.
Mike Sackton: And once I have detect magic. I wanna you know, search that search the top of the basically search through the guard post. The merge.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Bodies.
D: We? We would have brought the trident with us, presumably. So if that's magic that's worth going to.
Mike Sackton: What do we have?
D: So I mean giant weapon from like that's that's some solid loop right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? Well, we ran and grabbed it before we went to the portal. No doubt
Eric Rosenbaum: he was in English.
Tim Sackton: I can believe that Wellbe would have
Tim Sackton: carried it through. I guess.
D: Imagine how good it's gonna look like going down mounted, going down the center of our dining table.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm talking about. It's.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I guess maybe we threw it in the wait. What happens if we open the port of a hole under here.
D: I think we don't do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, now.
Mike Sackton: So wait, are we? Just you is well, be carrying around a trident that's twice as size 3 times this size.
Eric Rosenbaum: That he.
D: I think we'll be.
Eric Rosenbaum: It at the beginning of the encounter.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the.
Tim Sackton: The problem with the portable hole is that it will fill with water.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Trade.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says there is one. Hey? You're tall. Hold it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Now it is gonna be slightly.
Kate Sackton: Hr. Will get you everywhere.
Tim Sackton: To carry a
Tim Sackton: 10 foot tall trident everywhere you go. It's I mean, it's heavy.
Tim Sackton: Brisbane is probably the only one who could manage to actually care. There's netting around. You might be able to string up some sort of
Tim Sackton: harness for the
Tim Sackton: for a manta ray elemental to sling it on their back, or something that would take a little bit of time
Tim Sackton: in any case
Tim Sackton: so dealt with now has detect magic up. You're gonna take about, you know 10 or 20 min to go through everything. Make sure you
Tim Sackton: search the body, search the guard post, and see if anything's magical.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, also looking for clues. For, like, I don't know, like these guys have like.
Mike Sackton: but all
Mike Sackton: uniform saying, we are servants of
Mike Sackton: yeah, the insignia.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jewelry, tattoos.
Tim Sackton: So well, well, being well.
Kate Sackton: They are with 4.
Tim Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: What does everybody else want to do?
Tim Sackton: Sorry, while dealt with is doing that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker. Looks up.
Eric Rosenbaum: down all around.
Eric Rosenbaum: blows a bubble
Eric Rosenbaum: of air into the water to see if it
Eric Rosenbaum: presumably it will float
Eric Rosenbaum: up.
Tim Sackton: Entering cool.
Tim Sackton: It
Tim Sackton: stays.
Tim Sackton: It floats a little bit up, but it stays basically where it is.
Tim Sackton: You notice you've actually noticed this? Right you.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't really take much effort to
Tim Sackton: like you're not constantly treading water.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sink.
Tim Sackton: If you want to go down, you actually have to swim down.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no up and down.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no density gradient. There's no gravity.
Tim Sackton: you can feel that there's some pressure in the water, but it doesn't. There doesn't seem to be a consistent density gradient. It's entirely possible. You might just swim into an area where
Tim Sackton: you fall up
Tim Sackton: or where the water crushes you because it's super dense.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are on
Eric Rosenbaum: the plane of water we were in in on. We're here.
Eric Rosenbaum: The plain of water is incredible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hope that we can somehow get back. Does it seem like the portal? Here is bi-directional.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, the portal is definitely bi-directional.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To Tim also, like dude like Kenza was like where the fuck is the jade. He's just like straight up, like jade, says Ultra strong.
Tim Sackton: Yes, okay. So the jade is, if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly where it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Tim Sackton: If the if the pen is
Tim Sackton: is like northeast, the jade is almost directly due east
Tim Sackton: into the pitch darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: To east, so not where that road goes.
Tim Sackton: Not following the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, then, we should go do East into the pitch darkness, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good Lord!
Tim Sackton: Style
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is commuting with, well, okay, so deal with is searching. What is everybody else doing? Well done with searching.
D: I'm gonna get on one of the mental elementals and see if I can get a feel for riding it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I have another idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a little bit and a little bit risky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Binding stones of Amloc, also known as
Eric Rosenbaum: the things we found in the crown that was trapping raular.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Apparently the philosopher's guild told us, could be used to cast
Eric Rosenbaum: magic circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: which allows a kind of defense against
Eric Rosenbaum: elementals. In particular.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can't bring that with you, though presumably I don't know much about magic circle, but it looks like it's.
Mike Sackton: Now it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stationary protection.
Tim Sackton: It's stationary.
Eric Rosenbaum: The other thing about it is, I would have to correctly guess
Eric Rosenbaum: which of the binding stones is the right one to use to attempt a cast magic circle, and if I get it wrong I don't know what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Therefore.
Tim Sackton: That is true. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will attempt it, and then we'll see what happens. I'm just gonna.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, all that.
Eric Rosenbaum: To attune. I have to switch my attunment to do this. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Casting magic circle if we were going to do something like, take a short rest. Seems quite sensible. But what are you gonna do? Just cast magic circle in the middle of the platform. I don't know if that is the smartest.
Eric Rosenbaum: And at some point we may tangle with some more elementals.
Mike Sackton: But the circle doesn't come with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So I'm just saying at some point, I'm gonna try to do this. Probably.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: On, that.
Mike Sackton: Some point it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Magic circles a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So it's not a great combat spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see I didn't realize that
Tim Sackton: But as extremely useful for protecting yourself from elementals.
Mike Sackton: Crack!
Eric Rosenbaum: S.
Eric Rosenbaum: The other thing that seems really wanted to.
Tim Sackton: And short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's also planar binding on imprisonment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Planar binding would allow us to like
Eric Rosenbaum: basically.
Tim Sackton: Enslave and elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but it seems like that's not too hard with these manta rays, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that true?
Tim Sackton: Well, there well, be managed to get one pretty tame already, is, I mean, they're they're clearly used as mounts, right? So they're not reacting poorly. And what you actually can see now, Wellbe is has gotten on. One is beginning to practice like writing around. It's a little bit strange, because actually, when you get on your hand sink slightly in, and then it firms up almost like it's creating a a saddle
Tim Sackton: harness for you to hold on to out of the watery form of its body.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's cool.
Tim Sackton: But while they could, probably with a little bit of time like
Tim Sackton: show, you all basically what to do to to ride one once he's practiced for
Tim Sackton: 15 or 20 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we should definitely do, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Is this portal that we came through a teleportation circle
Kate Sackton: like a fixed planner
Kate Sackton: point that would have a quote, schedule sequence, whatever that is in the spell that I'm reading.
Tim Sackton: That's not.
Tim Sackton: no, it's a it's a portal between planes. It's not a teleportation circle.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So I'll go to deal with searching. But, Risman Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Seeker, if there's anything you you folks want to do other than just sort of keep guard. Let me know.
Tim Sackton: Carried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Tim Kenzo is like is like Hella locking in on Jay's signature. He's just like, you know, this is, he is tuning in the fuck into that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All this conscious meditation energy? Where is that jade lock in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uncle.
Kate Sackton: My.
Eric Rosenbaum: Roots. I think.
Kate Sackton: Friendly with a Oh, go ahead!
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry. I'm just confused about attendement. I'm trying to fix fix that.
Tim Sackton: Well, you could on a 2. You need a short rest to change at 2 min
Tim Sackton: hurting.
Tim Sackton: but you could unattune from the phasing stone, because you don't need to be attuned to Vendorscharna to teleport via Rainbow Bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, that's key thing. So I will switch to the binding stones just in case if we take a short rest, are we taking a short rest right.
Tim Sackton: Well, at the moment. You're not taking a short rest, but you've spent.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're spending 20 min searching so
Tim Sackton: it would be another 40 min for a short rest. You don't know how long you have before somebody stirs or before.
Tim Sackton: like the next guard, shift is supposed to come on duty, and
Tim Sackton: these guards wake up, and the other guards wake up and are like what's going on.
Kate Sackton: Their alarm clock clock could bring in a couple minutes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you just don't know you have no sense of. There's no sense of time here. There's no sense of
Tim Sackton: like there's no
Tim Sackton: it seems to be night, but you don't know if there's day, or if it's just always dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: It was like afternoon when you left the
Tim Sackton: when you when you left the material plane. So like, who knows?
Tim Sackton: And anyway, Dalwell
Tim Sackton: dealt with looks around.
Tim Sackton: so there's not much to find at on the like. Around the guard post. There's a set of dice and some like little shell
Tim Sackton: trinkets that seem to be used as some sort of coins or service gambling chips. They're like little polished pieces of shells with with pips like marking numbers.
Tim Sackton: There's some spare trident, and spears
Tim Sackton: all. All of the guards were using trident since their weapons. There's also like a a small pouch that one of the 2 guards seems to have dropped from the Iran.
Tim Sackton: That has
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: 25
Tim Sackton: mixed human coins. And then this
Tim Sackton: definitely magical.
Tim Sackton: strange, swirling
Tim Sackton: silver crystal shard thing on a silver necklace.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: 1st thing, okay.
Tim Sackton: On the guards themselves.
Tim Sackton: A few things you notice, so
Tim Sackton: they all carry like
Tim Sackton: sort of small what look like woe and kelp pouches with like little bits of again. These, like probably currency of some kind, like
Tim Sackton: polished pieces of shelter marked with these, with these pips
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: in the
Tim Sackton: captains
Tim Sackton: pouch. The guy who had the rape beer also
Tim Sackton: carries a broken wooden pipe
Tim Sackton: made of some strange dark wood you've never seen before, not magical.
Tim Sackton: carved with the initials Mt.
Tim Sackton: And then all of the guards are.
Tim Sackton: all, all of the mer folks that you've seen
Tim Sackton: have, like a small amulet that they're all wearing that has in the center of pearl, and then sort of 8 tentacles that are peeling off in a sort of spiral pattern from the central pearl.
Tim Sackton: most of the sort of guard vineyards it's it's just made of like shell. But the the captain, those curling tentacles are made of ivory
Tim Sackton: not magical, but seems to be some sort of insignia or holy symbol, or
Tim Sackton: who knows what they're all wearing it?
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: A couple of the guards, the 2, especially the 2, one of the 2 that were fleeing that carried his pouch
Tim Sackton: also have, like a weird mix of
Tim Sackton: human coins.
Tim Sackton: some just a handful like.
Tim Sackton: you know, 30 or so, some Chardonnian, a couple
Tim Sackton: you want the dwarven coins.
Tim Sackton: a few that are just utterly strange that are unrecognizable. Don't match with any human coin, or Alvin, or dwarven coin you've seen
Tim Sackton: And then one of the guards also has a
Tim Sackton: silver ring set with a small blue sapphire, the inside of which is engraved to my beloved Tilly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the happening stuff, right?
D: Mt. Is Milo disif foot.
D: That's the guy.
Mike Sackton: Man, this is Mila's stuff you're very smart. Well, be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 miles, then.
D: Loans.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure it says.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ballad.
D: And it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: And make it.
D: That's his initials on the pipe right? Nope or Milo made it, and he's in prison somewhere down here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: while I'm doing this, Sam.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Gaze and swim over than look and look into the roof of each hut.
Tim Sackton: 2 of the huts have sleeping
Tim Sackton: guards.
Tim Sackton: One of the huts seems to be like us, each each one with 4, one with 6, so another total of 10. It seems like they work in 2 shifts of 10.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: One of them, 2 of them, are empty, and they seem to be the sleeping quarters of the guards you killed.
Tim Sackton: And one is like a central sort of eating room, basically
Tim Sackton: has like food stores. And
Tim Sackton: I've
Tim Sackton: like just like living quarter type stuff.
Mike Sackton: So do we murder the sleeping guards.
Tim Sackton: You could easily, if you wanted to.
D: Mean? Do we leave one alive to interrogate.
D: because it would be great to get confirmation if
D: Milo's alive and where he is, and
D: what's waiting for us there.
Mike Sackton: The nice thing about murdering the sleeping guards is, we could then
Mike Sackton: decide to take a quick, short rest in one of the huts.
Mike Sackton: It's a little bit safer than just sitting here.
Kate Sackton: Waiting for their alarm to go off. Yes.
Kate Sackton: okay, fine. Where did this look like.
Mike Sackton: It's a little. It's a little murder hobo, but you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't mirror, trap them.
Tim Sackton: It's tricky to get the mirror out, unless you can find a way to make a dry spot to open the portable hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right, right, right.
Kate Sackton: For water.
D: We could ask if they'd like to surrender first.st
Kate Sackton: And tie them up.
D: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Up to you.
Kate Sackton: We had no qualms about killing the 1st 10.
D: Yeah, but they attack. I mean.
D: what if these guys are here against their will and what I don't know. What do we know about them? Do we think we.
Mike Sackton: They have the creepy hamlets.
Tim Sackton: All of them are wearing the amlets
Tim Sackton: in their sleep.
Mike Sackton: Those are. Those are like, Gazan Kai, right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean they're working with, or
Kate Sackton: the warlock who works for gas and coa.
D: I do think it is worth keeping. Maybe if there's a captain among them we can identify them by. I'm like.
D: keep one or 2 alive at least to interrogate and understand what's what's out there? What's waiting for us? How frequently do the guards change? Are there?
D: Yeah? Are we such short risk.
Kate Sackton: I mean, in theory, they have interactions with the other side, because they have the like slaves over there, gathering food or whatever they're gathering resources of some sort
Kate Sackton: which then get brought over here to the platform.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right, right.
Kate Sackton: So there could be people coming from that direction at any moment, either
Kate Sackton: the ones who we
Kate Sackton: distracted with a crab
Kate Sackton: and then killed there.
Kate Sackton: giant, tentacled
Kate Sackton: Center Room guardian guy
Kate Sackton: like we could be like, Oh, sure, we'll just kill all these guys and take a nice, quiet nap. And then, like the people who are like fresh out of fighting. An automated automating crab can come through, pissed, and be like, where are those apples? So you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think it's.
Tim Sackton: Possible that the crab killed them all. But yes, there's still
Tim Sackton: the risk of
Tim Sackton: people coming from the other side.
Tim Sackton: I mean the Murph on the other side are gonna realize they're like guard
Tim Sackton: tentacle monster is dead in the not too distant future.
Kate Sackton: We shouldn't take a long rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Kate Sackton: If we, if we had no other information, if we didn't kill anybody or wake anybody up or interrogating anybody, we would have to choose between going into the darkness towards Kenzo's
Kate Sackton: jade vibe
Kate Sackton: on the lit trail, which is probably to wherever they've imprisoned Milo. If he's alive.
Kate Sackton: I would say that's
Kate Sackton: so, if we find. But if we find out that Milo is alive along the trail, do we still? Do we not go for the jade? I mean. I think we still gotta go for the jade. I mean, I feel bad for Milo, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna go for the date. Yeah.
D: Yeah, we go for the jade after we get my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After the amount of it.
D: Yeah, we swing over. We pick them up.
D: We bring a spare horse and we go get the
D: we go get the jade. We all. We all go home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My little friend, her enemy.
Kate Sackton: Oh, friend, halfling adventurer, who got
Kate Sackton: traps trying to do what we're doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's not somebody that we've ever met.
Kate Sackton: No, we've just heard nice things.
D: Doesn't Milo potentially know his way around like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right does this? Does meeting Milo help us with our.
D: Yeah. Cause doesn't he know his way around Drancour like the oceans there the jungles or something.
Tim Sackton: Milo. The story about Milo is he's the captain of the only ship
Tim Sackton: the Storm Dancer was its name that dares to sail through the sea of storms
Tim Sackton: which is the sea around Drinkor.
Tim Sackton: He's quite
Tim Sackton: I mean. The rumors of the stories of him are always like, you know, he's a daring. He's the daring, halfling adventurer who
Tim Sackton: sales all over the world and brings back strange and unheard of goods from the far South.
D: Kind of have a crush on him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice
Eric Rosenbaum: and.
Tim Sackton: Went missing.
Tim Sackton: He was supposed to be back in
Tim Sackton: Cedrano like.
Kate Sackton: Year again.
Tim Sackton: Sometime. Well, he laughed. A year ago he was supposed to be back some
Tim Sackton: uncertain time. Nobody's seen him. He tried scrying on him, and it failed. But
Tim Sackton: scry doesn't work across planes.
D: Mean he's a
D: he's an actual.
Mike Sackton: Captain, an actual ship, captain.
D: Across plans. Who could actually captain our.
Tim Sackton: So. But sky would work now.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's what I.
D: Just like, all, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very able to play.
Mike Sackton: Totally, I'm scrying my, what? Okay? Look, what's.
Eric Rosenbaum: We. Now we have his pipe. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, yeah, you have.
Kate Sackton: Sort.
Tim Sackton: 2.
Kate Sackton: We have objects, we're in the same plane. So this answers the live dead question without having to interrogate it.
Mike Sackton: Possession gives him a minus
Mike Sackton: 5, so it'd be net out at a plus one modifier, and then save.
Tim Sackton: Because you don't know them, but you have an object.
Mike Sackton: Plus 5 minus 4.
Tim Sackton: Okay, are you striving them right now?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's gonna be another 10 min where? Where we we need to. Okay, we need to decide, what are we doing with these people?
D: We're telling them right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: they're not.
Mike Sackton: Really, people more folk are like, you know.
D: Hello! Oh, no! Go on, please.
Mike Sackton: It's not clear where Mirfo came from or whether they really have. You know, humanity.
D: Yeah, there's the elf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's the Alvin supremacy we love
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there. I mean, they're like.
Mike Sackton: And boards and humans are all.
D: Like like like a half-lang. Say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: No, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, just just less that you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and, Eldon, we're referred to as it's we're just objects. We're like chairs, halflings, you know.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, you're you're like, you're like, have souls and things. They're they're maybe not as powerful and correct as everybody's souls, but
Mike Sackton: real.
Tim Sackton: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yourself, deeper.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So yeah.
Tim Sackton: make a decision. Guys, time isn't wasting.
Tim Sackton: Any moment the alarm might go off and they might wake up, and you might be forced to fight them. So what are you doing.
Mike Sackton: I think we should interrogate one and kill the rest.
D: Great
D: and scribe. In the meantime.
Mike Sackton: You guys can do like dirty work, perfect.
Kate Sackton: 4 of us.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with is gonna go scry.
Kate Sackton: His pure, unadulterated, elven self somewhere
Kate Sackton: above tray.
Tim Sackton: You so dealt with, begins his scry, as the rest of you sneak silently into the huts, and murder
Tim Sackton: all but one of the Murph.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker is zoom.
Kate Sackton: Thing, and see if we can keep the captain live.
Tim Sackton: Keep, whoever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scratching it. Coral
Eric Rosenbaum: speaker is not murdering.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you're keeping. Whoever has the nicest annual.
Kate Sackton: Are we? Or are we afraid they're going to be like a magic?
Kate Sackton: Well, be, this was your idea. Now, I'm second guessing it.
D: I think we can break them so. And I think the captain's gonna know more.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so yeah.
Tim Sackton: So there's 1 also sleeping who has a slightly nicer, and not as nice as the not ivory.
Tim Sackton: but like nice polished like mother pearl like oyster shell
Tim Sackton: so you kill the rest of these. Meanwhile Della goes into his trance and looks into his silver. You have like a silver bowl that you scry with Mike.
Tim Sackton: which is a bit of a strange experience, because you can't fill it with water. But the magic obviously still works.
Tim Sackton: and you see
Tim Sackton: an image that
Tim Sackton: takes some time for you to make sense of. You're looking down at what looks like a.
Tim Sackton: you know, chaotic
Tim Sackton: sorting station or work bench.
Tim Sackton: and you see what must be, Milo, because your scribe tells you it is so, but does not look like a half one. Well.
Tim Sackton: his torso and legs look like a halfling
Tim Sackton: has had
Tim Sackton: is the head of a shark.
Tim Sackton: and his arms, and not in hands. But in these long, like stringy tentacles.
Tim Sackton: There's another
Tim Sackton: 7
Tim Sackton: similar creatures next to him.
Tim Sackton: And they are
Tim Sackton: sorting through
Tim Sackton: what looks like.
Tim Sackton: It looks like the sort of
Tim Sackton: debris from an archaeological excavation.
Tim Sackton: It's like, mostly
Tim Sackton: just rock and cracked coral
Tim Sackton: but occasionally there will be you know, like a piece of pottery
Tim Sackton: and every now and then, like as you watch over the 10 min like once. One of the
Tim Sackton: you guess halflings
Tim Sackton: finds find something, and it looks like it's a fragment of what looks like some weird alien pictogram.
Tim Sackton: And Murph swims over
Tim Sackton: kicks the halfling shark creature in the head takes out, and just like elbow is a bunch of them as he goes past, just seemingly enjoying the cruelty of it.
Tim Sackton: and then grabs this little fragment and swims off where you can't see
Tim Sackton: in.
Mike Sackton: What was the fragment that.
Tim Sackton: In this? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like. Sorry it was a piece of what.
Tim Sackton: It was a piece of stone that had like what looked like a fragment of some sort of
Tim Sackton: pictogram on it.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: But you couldn't see it was only a small piece, so you couldn't really tell what it was. Just some lines, but it was clearly a stone that had some.
Mike Sackton: See the the halfling shark. People
Mike Sackton: have true souls of the mer. Folks don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cleaned.
Kate Sackton: Did the scrying give us any sense of direction or anything looking.
Tim Sackton: Line doesn't tell you where.
Mike Sackton: How many, and all of the others like 6 other, the of how like half shark, half half are they halfling or.
Tim Sackton: They all seem about the same size.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: As what you presume is Milo. So presumably they're happening.
Mike Sackton: Real.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this, 8 people would be a relatively small, like a ship like he sells would have a crew at least 3 times the size of that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps it's surviving.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was. Gonna say, half of them have been killed.
Mike Sackton: 3rd of them kill the 3rd of them eaten, and 3rd of them are left, or whatever. But
Mike Sackton: I feel bad for this guy. He's trapped in some sort of horrible shark body prison.
Mike Sackton: being forced to sort through
Mike Sackton: some sort of
Mike Sackton: thing to build a map. What does Casinco, after.
Tim Sackton: Gosenko is after
Tim Sackton: Glasenko wants to destroy the sentient ocean.
Mike Sackton: Right, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Understand.
Mike Sackton: So this is like archaeological history about the sun tradition. We we totally have to go after.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So we've got. It's not just rescuing the happenings. It's.
Mike Sackton: We don't. We have to do it quickly.
Kate Sackton: But some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're. It's not that we're getting distracted from our main goal. It's
Mike Sackton: That there's a quest
Mike Sackton: like sitting over to the side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Side of it's still the.
Mike Sackton: That's it's on the left hand side.
Eric Rosenbaum: And a new workplace.
Kate Sackton: It's.
Mike Sackton: The main quest is straight ahead this way. So it's kind of a little bit to the side over here.
D: No, no, no, that's a that's a wrong understanding. The you know the main questions here. The side quest is immediately adjacent. If we're doing the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's.
D: Doing the site.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's just something very practical. The main quest is not very well lit. The side quest is far better to lit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it's literally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We go to the dark main quest when there's a well-lit side quest.
Mike Sackton: Is it really a side quest? If it's well lit.
Kate Sackton: So it's a lidquest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a liquor.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is a well lit.
Eric Rosenbaum: We know what direction?
Eric Rosenbaum: Milos in no.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't get data.
Mike Sackton: The guy who probably know who probably stole his
Mike Sackton: rapier. We're gonna short rest. And then we're gonna go after him.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Me!
Tim Sackton: So sharp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's where some key is great.
Tim Sackton: As the as the scry ends
Tim Sackton: the rest of you come back, having killed all but one of the Murf
Tim Sackton: finding a few other trinkets in
Tim Sackton: in the hut, for example.
Tim Sackton: One of the sleeping guards
Tim Sackton: has a
Tim Sackton: wow
Tim Sackton: has a compass.
Tim Sackton: beautiful nice brass compass engraved with
Tim Sackton: the word storm dancer on the casing. The compass is broken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doesn't work.
Tim Sackton: Anymore.
Tim Sackton: But it could be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dead!
Tim Sackton: and some more
Tim Sackton: human coins. Again, the sort of mixture of dwarven Chardonnian.
Tim Sackton: weird and strange.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I go to pick up the other address?
Kate Sackton: So after the murdering, we wave our hands in the air like on Passover to, or the ocean to wash them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you drag this one Murph Oak
Tim Sackton: bound, and
Tim Sackton: obviously unable to go anywhere up, back to where Dalwith has been scrying.
Tim Sackton: And who says what.
D: Who's our who's our most intimidating.
Mike Sackton: Probably deal with.
Mike Sackton: I'm actually good at intimidation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meaning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're both charming and intimidating. What's to deal with that.
D: I mean to to others.
D: Bay.
D: We try.
Mike Sackton: You know, 2 sides of the same coin.
Mike Sackton: I'll try and scare the guy. Why not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get it. Bid 3, 1, 4, 0.
Mike Sackton: Does he speak common or elfish?
Tim Sackton: common seems extremely unlikely.
Tim Sackton: You could try elvish.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna try albish.
Tim Sackton: Nothing.
Mike Sackton: Or
Mike Sackton: a summon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you text it to me, Bab? The correct one.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: then.
Mike Sackton: fine, I will.
Mike Sackton: We've done, should we? Short rest? And
Mike Sackton: now I'm gonna I'm gonna use. I'm gonna use my.
Mike Sackton: And you said, Oh.
Tim Sackton: That's the housekeeper.
Mike Sackton: Getters. But I'm gonna use my broad of the pack thing to get tongues
Mike Sackton: to get back to, else I have to cast tongs.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: so he understands you. Now.
Mike Sackton: And I'm gonna take the approach of threatening him.
Mike Sackton: basically saying, We're, I'm gonna go on the where we're friends of Milos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 3 0.
Mike Sackton: You have his stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Care of like.
Mike Sackton: What the hell are you doing? Why did you? We know we know he's being, you know. We know something's happened to toss everything you know about Milo
Mike Sackton: or you know.
Mike Sackton: too bad.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make an intimidation check.
Mike Sackton: 20.
D: inspire, inspire.
D: and so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Racing.
Tim Sackton: Okay, d 10, twice.
Mike Sackton: 8.
Tim Sackton: Okay? 28. So I mean.
Tim Sackton: he looks
Tim Sackton: like completely taken aback, right? Like
Tim Sackton: he's the only surviving
Tim Sackton: guard out of 20 guards.
Tim Sackton: you've just shown up.
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: as far as he can tell, out of nowhere and like
Tim Sackton: slaughtered everybody.
Tim Sackton: And now you're using magic, and.
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: the group of you are totally Ali, like you've got weapons and armor and look very strong.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: so he kind of shrinks back from Dellwood's questioning.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: seems to be.
Tim Sackton: you know, trying to answer your questions with us, you know. Still, like this is not a friendly interrogation, right? Like he's.
Tim Sackton: you know, he's not being cooperative exactly. He's just basically trying to get you to go away. And he's
Tim Sackton: you know. If if you wanna
Tim Sackton: you want to find Mahler, just follow the lights.
Tim Sackton: Just leave me alone.
Mike Sackton: I want to know where.
Mike Sackton: Where'd you get his stuff? Who gave it to you?
Tim Sackton: Tried to run when he came to the portal.
Tim Sackton: Of course we're gonna take our pound of flash
Tim Sackton: pretty badly beaten up.
Mike Sackton: What's your what's your master looking for?
Mike Sackton: Gazan Keller? Right.
Tim Sackton: Kind of shies back.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: don't draw his attention. You
Tim Sackton: floor
Tim Sackton: does not take well to failures.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. We just guard the portal
Tim Sackton: load the manta rays every time a shipment comes through from the other side.
Mike Sackton: How often are they.
Tim Sackton: Portal.
Mike Sackton: When's the next check? We do.
Tim Sackton: 3 h, 4 h something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What are the shipments.
Tim Sackton: It's all the stuff they're sorting in that work complex. I've never been there. I wouldn't want to go to that horrible place.
Tim Sackton: Everything from the other side.
Tim Sackton: All the digging they're doing
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Don't ask me.
Tim Sackton: I just stand here and
Tim Sackton: don't let anybody unauthorize come through.
Tim Sackton: Can't expect me to know everything.
Mike Sackton: Alright, that's
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I
Mike Sackton: I feel like we've got what we need out of him.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: we should short rest, and then
Mike Sackton: scram.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
D: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: are you just leaving them tied up? What are you doing with this guy?
Kate Sackton: He's not gonna.
D: We'll leave them for Delaware.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if what he's telling you is true, somebody's gonna show up through the portal in like 3 h, and it would be pretty obvious
Tim Sackton: what happened, so
Tim Sackton: killing him, not killing him doesn't actually save you. Much time doesn't delay the warning very long.
Mike Sackton: At.
Mike Sackton: I think we tie them up somewhere. Not obvious in the barracks.
Mike Sackton: He didn't somewhere, and we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
D: Shirt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Show our mercy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Mike Sackton: Play.
Mike Sackton: Leave a few
Mike Sackton: tales honestly, maybe we should go after the jade first.st
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: we've I'm gonna leave him with a very strong impression that we are friends of Milos coming to S find the Milo, and that's why we're here. We're seeking Milo.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Yup definitely got that impression.
Mike Sackton: Then let's go for the jig first.st
Mike Sackton: Maybe it's a bad idea. We can think about it. But short rest first.st Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead, roll.
Tim Sackton: hit, dice, and all that stuff.
Tim Sackton: I'm correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, if we go for the jade, we're just like straight up. Just gonna go into dark
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walk, you know. So into dark place and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Help!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we like set a scout.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do a little reconnaissance.
Mike Sackton: Put well, being at a manner right.
D: Why not?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God! My dinner, my dinner got delivered to the wrong address, like walking through this random neighborhood in La, just like bolted on some random some random house's doorstep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little little chaos over here. Guys. Sorry about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know whether.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Follow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice thing works.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I actually do it?
Mike Sackton: Just click, short, rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I just click.
Mike Sackton: Pick how many hit days you want to use, and then
Mike Sackton: just click, roll, hit dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it only rolled one.
Mike Sackton: Well, you probably only unplugged one.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I clicked like 8.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, wow.
Kate Sackton: Same thing happened to me. I'm just adding the others manually.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: you guys just roll them manually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so it's 1 d. 8 plus 2 for each one or plus.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: and and you can roll them one at a time. You don't have to roll all of them.
Tim Sackton: You have to click the you have to click the
Tim Sackton: I'm doing it for Kong. You have to click the
Tim Sackton: button that has the actual number beneath it
Tim Sackton: rather than clicking the roll. Hit dice button. It's very confusing. There's 1 red button that says roll hit dice.
Tim Sackton: and then there's a different button that should have a number of dice.
Mike Sackton: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I do not see that ugly.
Mike Sackton: You should see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tastes.
Tim Sackton: So if you click like a certain number of hit dice, it'll say
Tim Sackton: a number. There will be like a number beneath.
Mike Sackton: Just
Mike Sackton: you can't just paste.
Tim Sackton: Comment. I got you. I got screenshots.
Mike Sackton: Into zoom. That's annoying.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Mike Sackton: You just do it manually. Just roll
Mike Sackton: whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like when an id.
Tim Sackton: Click, short rack.
Eric Rosenbaum: 16.
Tim Sackton: If I if I hit a bunch of things like this, see, it shows this number here.
Tim Sackton: If you click that it should roll all of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Click. This roll hit dice. It just rolls one at a time.
Kate Sackton: Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this, that box you were just showing us did not appear from you. For some reason.
Mike Sackton: Did you click, take short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have to. 1st click, take short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see that.
Tim Sackton: You have to 1st click short rest, anyway, it's confusing, but it doesn't really matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like confirm.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I never saw it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It just doesn't work for me for something.
Eric Rosenbaum: anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: and healed.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: finish your rest and contemplate your next moves, what are your next? Moves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, I can hear everything. I'm just moving around, but I'm I'm here.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Kate Sackton: Alright good luck.
Kate Sackton: I think we should. I kinda like the deception plan
Kate Sackton: like
Kate Sackton: there's nothing that says we have to teleport out of here as soon as we get the jade, except our own excitement, so we can get the jade and then go get Milo right.
Kate Sackton: We're not putting the jade in peril, or something.
D: So I don't disagree right.
D: On the other hand.
D: like I think the jade is, gonna be harder to get. I think the jade is, gonna be I don't know. Do we? Is the jade precious to the.
Tim Sackton: So. Yes, the jade is the jade is the the magic by which Beru
Tim Sackton: opened and keeps open
Tim Sackton: the portal.
D: So my thought here is, if the way E 2 ways to get J, right, one is basically like we fight and kill whoever's got it, and then we take it. But another approach to it could essentially just be like a smashing grab where we grab the thing. Call the Rainbow bridge and get the hell out of there immediately.
D: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Kate Sackton: Early.
D: Right cause. We don't. We don't need to, or really care about fighting or defeating brewery. Right?
D: We just want.
Tim Sackton: Your understanding of the magic is that
Tim Sackton: once the jade leaves the plane of water, the portal closes.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: The jade leaves the plum water. Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: So smash and Grab could work actually.
Kate Sackton: But we have to get Milo first, st
Kate Sackton: and if there's some communication from the
Kate Sackton: work camp
Kate Sackton: to Berulei.
Kate Sackton: then he would be more on his guard.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could just leave Milo here.
Mike Sackton: It's just a halfling.
D: Just leave deal with here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there way? We can send a message.
Kate Sackton: Minority.
Tim Sackton: Sending a message to Milo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
D: And once.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm sorry you met.
Tim Sackton: You have to have met the person to do either sending or dream. You can't just.
Mike Sackton: My
Mike Sackton: shield can go to somebody I've never met. It says I can't cross running water, but can it swim.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: That is an interesting question.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, there are no rivers here.
Tim Sackton: It's true, but the original idea was you couldn't send it to like ocean to island, or something where it would have to swim across a big ocean.
Tim Sackton: On the other hand.
Tim Sackton: it doesn't actually require, like, as you've all noticed, being in the plane of water
Tim Sackton: like there's doesn't require effort to
Tim Sackton: you. Don't think if you're not doing anything.
Tim Sackton: but so I would say yes, except to just move at half speed.
Tim Sackton: Brand.
Kate Sackton: We don't know how far the the well lit path is.
Kate Sackton: but presumably not far, because they're just.
Kate Sackton: It's just they think this is their. This is their like camp, right like this is their plane. They've got their little platform. They've got their sorting facility.
Kate Sackton: the
Kate Sackton: perulis serving Gazan coa.
Kate Sackton: So they're working on this project that will.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: This is where the world
Kate Sackton: but.
D: Yeah.
D: but isn't.
D: and go ahead.
Mike Sackton: What do we want to tell Milo?
D: We need to know how to UN
D: unshark them.
D: because if we rescue them and go back and they're still sharks, they're probably gonna die right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably just dispel magic.
Kate Sackton: Or just feel magic, or.
Tim Sackton: I mean in Seeker's experience with his extremely high arcana ability, the spell magic usually
Tim Sackton: can
Tim Sackton: handle anything like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cured people made for of this kind of thing. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: seekers use the spell magic to reverse other
Tim Sackton: transformations of a analogous nature.
D: We need to know that, like they're still in their right mind that they can, that they're not under some kind of
D: control.
D: that true.
Mike Sackton: Mean.
Mike Sackton: I can send a messenger to Milo and them, but it's a it's a
Mike Sackton: slowly swimming links
Mike Sackton: that is ghostly and slightly visible that will speak aloud to him.
D: I don't. Oh.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
D: So that that helps me.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly. That's my point.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I don't think that we can help them with a message just like
Kate Sackton: we either go there and noisily bust them out.
Kate Sackton: unless, like we can't coordinate to like. Get them to make it look like a prison break, and we weren't there.
Kate Sackton: I don't think the 6 of them can just
Kate Sackton: like they're probably
Kate Sackton: they probably resisted at some point. They probably.
Mike Sackton: I mean we.
Tim Sackton: Do. Do keep in mind. The links doesn't actually have to deliver a message. You just want to know how far away.
Mike Sackton: Tricks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I could just find things out.
Tim Sackton: Well, it it can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Testing.
Tim Sackton: Can't scout.
Tim Sackton: but it can measure distance because it goes 50 miles an hour and water a go 25 miles an hour.
Tim Sackton: You just time how long it takes them to get there and back, and half that is.
Kate Sackton: Far.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Tim Sackton: And it's still faintly visible.
Mike Sackton: I actually don't think delivering a message. I mean, if we want to play up the we're coming for him. What about delivering a message, saying.
Mike Sackton: Are you alive?
Kate Sackton: Or we know you're alive. We're coming for you. Be ready to.
Mike Sackton: Well now, because we can, he can send a response. So are you alive, are you well, or are you? Are you? You are you my? Well.
D: What if we just charge in without a plan?
Mike Sackton: I still think we should head the other direction and charge it that way with our employee.
D: To the Jane.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but you're right about the smashing crab.
D: Like I.
D: If Veruli's enemy
D: is like sentient ocean level, I feel like
D: I don't feel like we are in the class of sentient. I mean, maybe
D: maybe we haven't.
Mike Sackton: If we're trying to ask your bio.
Mike Sackton: Typical message is probably unnecessary. We should just go as fast as we can.
Mike Sackton: The message would only be useful for going for the jade. So if everybody's on the let's go after Milo, let's just go.
Kate Sackton: I mean the the distance would only help us if we found out that it was
Kate Sackton: 2 day journey, and
Kate Sackton: but it doesn't seem plausible to like. Keep your sorting facility a 2 day journey from your delivery portal.
Kate Sackton: logistically speaking, but maybe it's.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I wanna attune to his rape here, too, unless anybody else wants it.
Kate Sackton: Lisa, and.
Mike Sackton: Terribly.
Kate Sackton: Could we send the the.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I was going to switch my attendance.
Kate Sackton: The timing.
Kate Sackton: We send the timing Graham, anyway, just so that if we
Kate Sackton: get all the way there and it's still not back, or we think, you know we if we've been going for a really long time, and it's still not back. We.
Mike Sackton: It's not invisible.
Kate Sackton: Is it smart enough to avoid anything?
Mike Sackton: Was about.
Tim Sackton: Most direct path to the target. It's it's not.
Kate Sackton: So now.
Kate Sackton: I guess. Then, don't don't send it.
Kate Sackton: Let's just go.
Kate Sackton: Speed is then our
Kate Sackton: asset. Let's see if we can take them in a race.
D: Let's do it. Let's sell it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Men are raised.
Tim Sackton: And get it south.
Tim Sackton: You are. I'm sorry I don't have a magic item made in D and D beyond for the
Tim Sackton: rape here. Just
Tim Sackton: use a plus one rapeier, and remember the lightning damage.
Mike Sackton: It's just the way I mean. I have my rapier, my packed weapon rapiers plus one already.
Tim Sackton: Okay. He also gives you a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: resistance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Damage for
Tim Sackton: around once per once per day.
Mike Sackton: Right. And what about the turn into? That's what about the turn into thing that can creep through things? Not that I really.
Tim Sackton: That's the same bonus action. It's basically you can use the bonus action to either gain damage or like, go through. It's like an escape
Tim Sackton: escape.
Mike Sackton: And it's it's 1 d. 6 extra one d. 8.
Tim Sackton: Wendy. 6 extra lightning.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: over the course of the short rest you you make your plan.
Tim Sackton: Settle on
Tim Sackton: following this path to wherever Milo and these halflings happen to be
Tim Sackton: fracked
Tim Sackton: and you
Tim Sackton: saddle up.
Tim Sackton: Robbie shows you the trick of mounting the manta rays.
Tim Sackton: and as you all go and follow, following. Well, be
Tim Sackton: they seem actually to be trained to follow
Tim Sackton: this by a luminous path
Tim Sackton: into the darkness.
Tim Sackton: although it's let because you're following this filiness and path. And as you get further and further away from this coral platform, the ocean gets darker and darker, until the only light that you can see is just the faint glow of the next marker on this trail, and you are
Tim Sackton: swimming through pitch blackness.
Tim Sackton: The manta rays themselves, the occasional flicker of like silver light along their wings.
Tim Sackton: The only thing that allows you to
Tim Sackton: really see anything I mean even those of you with dark vision. It looks, I guess you all have dark vision, but it's everything is.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing to see in the water. It's just.
Tim Sackton: and expanse of
Tim Sackton: emptiness in every direction that you can look.
Tim Sackton: you travel. It's a bit hard to
Tim Sackton: to really
Tim Sackton: have a like. Your sense of time and distance kind of
Tim Sackton: fades a little bit as you
Tim Sackton: follow these manta rays, and the rhythmic movement of the manta rays swimming through the water is actually somewhat soothing. It's much more pleasant than riding a horse. There's no like bouncing up and down
Tim Sackton: and they they sort of
Tim Sackton: hold on to you slightly, as the water reform is kind of
Tim Sackton: collapsed around you a little bit.
Tim Sackton: and it must be no more, really than an hour. But it's really hard to judge how much distance you've traveled
Tim Sackton: when wellbe you notice 1st this
Tim Sackton: faint light in the distance, this faint glow ahead of you?
Tim Sackton: maybe
Tim Sackton: 1,000 feet away.
Tim Sackton: and as you approach a little bit more closely again.
Tim Sackton: Following this bioluministic trail that seems to leading straight to the faint glow, you can see
Tim Sackton: this strange sight in the water in front of you.
Tim Sackton: A large
Tim Sackton: tower sort of platform
Tim Sackton: of again. This sort of bleached dead coral
Tim Sackton: floats
Tim Sackton: in the water again. No, nothing. You can see in any direction, no surface
Tim Sackton: that you could use to get your bearings, and some are attached to this.
Tim Sackton: Tower, there's a what looks like a
Tim Sackton: massive.
Tim Sackton: translucent, semi, transparent.
Tim Sackton: slightly shimmering giant bubble.
Tim Sackton: It's probably a thousand feet across
Tim Sackton: as you get a slightly closer following this trail. Wow! But you can see what looks like
Tim Sackton: tiny
Tim Sackton: like flicker of of movement from the top of this
Tim Sackton: power. Just
Tim Sackton: not like anybody's looking or paying attention. It actually looks like there's
Tim Sackton: possibly 2 people, 2 more folks sitting at the top of the tower
Tim Sackton: not
Tim Sackton: like playing cards or something. They're not. They're not probably supposed to be on watch, but they're not looking
Tim Sackton: around at all.
Tim Sackton: So again, the scene like, There's this coral tower that's probably
Tim Sackton: 40 feet tall.
Mike Sackton: When is it
Mike Sackton: floating? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Itself faintly glowing, just floating. And then this giant bubble
Tim Sackton: grows off the side of that of this semi transition. It's from this distance it's impossible to see through a giant bubble.
Mike Sackton: Is the bubble like growing off the side like this? Or is it like around it, like.
Tim Sackton: No, it's growing off the side
Tim Sackton: like the the coral is like the coral towers, like a tangent to the surface of the bubble.
Tim Sackton: Does it look.
Kate Sackton: Plagued and smashed.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Kate Sackton: Like long time to search the entire coral tower sort of size, or it's like just a few rooms sort of size. So.
Tim Sackton: The tower. As far as you can tell, there's no doors or entrances to the tower itself. It's like a long piece of coral with people with 2 people sitting on the top
Tim Sackton: almost like it's just an attachment point for this giant bubble.
Kate Sackton: The bubble is translucent, we can see through it where it's.
Tim Sackton: If you got closer you could see through it. Everything's sort of distorted from this distance. You're still 500 feet out.
Tim Sackton: and I assume. Looking around before it was approaching much more closely.
Kate Sackton: So the
Kate Sackton: 6 shark victim people aren't gonna take up a lot of space.
Kate Sackton: So like, we just need to find this tiny workshop area.
Kate Sackton: I mean the project they're working on could be a massive
Kate Sackton: airborne. Does this like.
D: And up. What what was seen in the screen
D: like is that plausibly inside the bubble or the tower.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it could
Tim Sackton: inside the bubble. Yes, the bubble is a thousand feet in diameter. What was seen in the sky, and could easily fit inside the bubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: But the tower is solid, so there is no inside the tower, so it's gotta be inside the bubble.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We don't know if the tower solid, it just doesn't have doors.
Tim Sackton: You just can't see any doors from. There's no obvious doors from the house from this direction. It might not be solid.
Mike Sackton: But it doesn't look like there's any like
Mike Sackton: this.
Mike Sackton: It's not like there's 3 guards staring at us, or anything like that already.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's, I mean.
Tim Sackton: from this distance it's hard to see exactly what the 2 guards on the top of the tower are doing, but it doesn't seem to be carefully watching the approaches to the
Tim Sackton: this weird bubble.
Tim Sackton: It's like playing cards or arguing with each other, or eating, or something like that.
D: Is there any entry point to the bubble? That's obvious.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: But of course you're not circumnavigating the entire thing. You're still.
Tim Sackton: you know, some distance away from that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we invisible.
Kate Sackton: Train, manta rays go.
Tim Sackton: You're not invisible now.
D: Let's circle wide and do a lab and see what we can find.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm listening. Guys.
Kate Sackton: Mantra has been going on their usual path to.
Tim Sackton: Make an animal handling check. Well, be to steer them off their usual path. Well, actually, never mind your minimum role. You're proficient. Right? So it's 20 minimum rule.
D: But I did get a natural 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So we're definitely not gonna get any information from the animals we're riding. We're gonna just do a big swoop instead.
Tim Sackton: Well, well, I'll be is is very well attuned to the the sense of motion in the in the way that these manneris are are moving. And you can. You can see that that you can feel well that what they.
Tim Sackton: what they want to do is basically fly up to the top of the tower.
Tim Sackton: but seems to be where they're heading
Tim Sackton: like. If you just let them go on their
Tim Sackton: if you just let them follow their instincts, they would go up to the top of this coral tower, but you sort of gently steer them away. To go around the back side of this bubble, and
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: so there's no, you cannot see any entrances, are you? Do you want to approach close enough to be able to see inside it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll refresh Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was part time has been like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: honing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but like molecular precision to where the hepad is, where, where is it? Where, where? I mean, we're.
Tim Sackton: So, going on the opposite direction from the jade. You're going looking for a milder now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, shit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: confused.
Tim Sackton: But don't you do have your
Tim Sackton: Don't you have some ability for this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can send. So let me let me tune into any happens around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Daniel Sanders.
Tim Sackton: Be within 28 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Let me tune into any hoplings around.
Eric Rosenbaum: 28 miles.
Kate Sackton: Halflings with a shark head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. No shark happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a it's a quarterly, really.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Quarterlings
Tim Sackton: the there are definitely. There are 8.
Tim Sackton: There are 8 halflings inside this bubble, close to the center of the bubble.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you hear that Lonnie.
D: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that unexpected.
D: That's just what we expect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they related?
Eric Rosenbaum: Like him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is.
D: Crew of the crew of the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you telepathically talk to them.
D: I think it's 120 feet.
Tim Sackton: 100 and 20 feet is the range. So you'd have to get. They're close to the center, so you'd have to get through the bubble to be able to talk to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you? Can we like Missy Step, or you know, just do that little portal thing and go poop, do the other side.
Tim Sackton: Seeker can dimension door
Tim Sackton: himself and one other person.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then Dimension door myself and one other person back out.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could go and buy myself, grab Marilla and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Wait! Or we rainbow bridge out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everybody
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at the end. So we go get the jade. Come back here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dimension door in, and then Rainbow Bridge out.
Tim Sackton: We had a whole discussion about this while you were getting food, and the decision was
Tim Sackton: advantage of getting miler 1st is that
Tim Sackton: it preserves the option to smash and grab, to grab the jade, and
Tim Sackton: immediately flee with the Rainbow bridge without having to kill layer.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I think that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the first.st
Eric Rosenbaum: A lot of it is taking the jade away, closes the portal. So it's much harder to get Milo after we do that.
Tim Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want. Are we rescuing the whole crew? Well, be or just, Milo.
D: Yeah, I mean.
D: see, the advantage here is.
D: we have a ship.
D: Here's a captain. Here's a crew
D: they know their way around Drancour.
D: I know technically we have a person who is flying our ship right now, but I don't think.
Eric Rosenbaum: We think.
D: Call him a captain. Exactly.
Tim Sackton: But, Frederick, not a captain. He would be very offended to hear you say that. Well, be.
D: That's why I'm not sitting near it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what kind of a bubble is this that we're looking at?
Tim Sackton: Well, though, that's what I was asking. Do you want to get close? I mean, how close do you want to get? It is
Tim Sackton: semi transparent, so the closer you get
Tim Sackton: the more you can see through it. But the more anybody on the other side could conceivably see you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can seek your put out goggles and do a little tech magic like, I said, is it magical level.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, for sure. But you have to get close to that.
Tim Sackton: You have to be within the app, or you have to touch it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right
Eric Rosenbaum: we're we're what like a quarter mile out from.
Tim Sackton: Now you're you're like 500 feet out. You're close enough to see some details, but far enough away that it's very unlikely anybody from inside could observe it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just go to the side opposite the guard tower and try like
Eric Rosenbaum: poking our way in.
Kate Sackton: I mean, what are the chances that they ever bother to look out at the boring old ocean, anyway, like the plaintive waters, even sort of monotonous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: everybody agreed.
Mike Sackton: But we're just. We're just flying up and hoping for the best.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. On the opposite side of the tower.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, sure.
Tim Sackton: So as you.
Tim Sackton: as you come closer.
Tim Sackton: you get within. Within, you know, of
Tim Sackton: 30, 40 feet and you can see now occasionally that there's like these ripples of this
Tim Sackton: eerie sort of flashes of multicolored light, that sort of run almost like lightning current
Tim Sackton: rippling through the edge of this bubble, and and you can almost
Tim Sackton: see that it's like
Tim Sackton: It looks like some
Tim Sackton: membrane, almost of some kind.
Tim Sackton: as you get closer you can now see into the like into the other side, like once you're within 20 feet or so, you can see through this membrane. It's semi transparent.
Tim Sackton: but what you seem to be looking at
Tim Sackton: on the other side from here is like dark, murky water that's not so much different than what you're looking at
Tim Sackton: around you, except that
Tim Sackton: every now and then you'll see silt or debris kind of floating around inside
Tim Sackton: the bubble.
Tim Sackton: Can't really see anything beyond that from your current perspective.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Mike Sackton: That be
Mike Sackton: sorry we just don't. Does ghostly gaze. Let me see through smoke it not really right.
Tim Sackton: No, it doesn't let you see through. It only lets you see 2 solid things. It doesn't let you clear, heavily obscured
Tim Sackton: areas.
Kate Sackton: I mean
Kate Sackton: logically, they're bringing stuff to this bubble. They're sorting through it.
Kate Sackton: There's debris that they don't
Kate Sackton: want.
Kate Sackton: and the plane of water entities probably don't want it just sort of drifting everywhere. So it's contained inside this bubble. So they're like sitting in the middle of their own
Kate Sackton: trash.
Kate Sackton: Maybe they have to exchange bubbles every few years. Who knows how long?
Kate Sackton: but they're bringing stuff. They're bringing stuff here on the manta rays to the top of the tower.
Kate Sackton: and then it somehow gets inside the bubble to be sorted
Kate Sackton: so door, or whatever it is, is not on the side. It's on the side, where it's likely will be spotted on the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we
Eric Rosenbaum: or if we puncture it.
Eric Rosenbaum: it'll start spring. So live.
Kate Sackton: Will get angry at us.
Kate Sackton: I think it's it's the
Kate Sackton: entity, or whatever the word is that starts with any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Do we know who the day is like? Who's the one capturing the happenlings and doing all stuff? Who who are they.
Kate Sackton: The people who work for rulei.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's the warlock. We stole the jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're saying the bubble could be an elemental
Eric Rosenbaum: admirer, elemental.
Kate Sackton: And e.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe I could
Eric Rosenbaum: use the binding stones to try to to cast
Eric Rosenbaum: Planar binding on this 1,000 foot wide bubble
Eric Rosenbaum: to get it to be our friend and do our bidding, and then ask it to simply spit the halflings out.
Kate Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton: One could always try.
D: And keep everybody else in. I love this.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am now sorry we're in there
Eric Rosenbaum: to the binding stones of analog.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now the stones are named as follows, the mirror stone, the chaos stone, the echostone, the Anger stone, the Peace Stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the following spells are rumored to be part of the abilities of the stones, including
Eric Rosenbaum: Planar binding.
Eric Rosenbaum: who.
Mike Sackton: This is gonna end badly, but go for it.
Kate Sackton: If only I had just prepared Planar binding, which is one of my spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Kate Sackton: What I chose for this adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely it is the mirror stone!
Eric Rosenbaum: The seeker confidently.
D: Do we have a way to confirm this thing is an elemental that's controllable in that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, or we haven't done that yet.
Tim Sackton: You haven't done that yet.
Kate Sackton: It looks like the manta rays. You sort of sussed out that
Kate Sackton: the image.
Eric Rosenbaum: Salmon. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: they are elementals. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Can you like? Well, be sense it, and see if it feels like the manta rays? Do.
D: I mean, I sort of feel like
D: it was more process of elimination on the manner raised that they weren't animals. I don't. I don't know that it really applies.
Tim Sackton: So I mean, as you get close. And you're looking at the seeker. I mean, it's definitely
Tim Sackton: it. It's it's not so much that it seems like it's a live. It seems more like it's magic.
Mike Sackton: The spell, magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: A
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, and that might just cause the whole thing to just
Eric Rosenbaum: poof!
Eric Rosenbaum: I put my goggles on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get close.
Eric Rosenbaum: I tried touching it with a finger.
Tim Sackton: It feels almost like slightly charged, like there's almost like a current of some sort of
Tim Sackton: shock or acid that's running through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's energy, there's being
Eric Rosenbaum: being held in place
Eric Rosenbaum: by some energy running through it
Eric Rosenbaum: is the energy from a source. Is it all flowing in a direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coming from the town.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not. It's not like directional. It's like running in different
Tim Sackton: pattern. It's in a sort of chaotic pattern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very strange
Eric Rosenbaum: if it is a magical effect I could attempt to cast, dispel magic on it.
Tim Sackton: You could.
Mike Sackton: Could be too big, right, or too powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll I will attempt this, so I have to guess. Like as a
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll have to pay.
Tim Sackton: Like level that you want to cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: How about?
Tim Sackton: Vulnerability, Jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: how many 5th Level slots? I guess I'll use a 6th level slot. Is that a bad idea?
Mike Sackton: Kind of. But that's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, cause we're gonna have to. We're gonna get in a fight. I'm gonna I will try 4th Level.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if you're short on slots, I also have to spell magic at 4th or 5th level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not that short. But I just don't have many slots at the high levels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you? Gonna try it.
Kate Sackton: I mean it would use up either my last 4th or my last 5th Level spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay, I have 2 more 4th Level ones.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so you use it for us.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will use a 4th Level spell, slot and cast
Eric Rosenbaum: to spell magic.
Tim Sackton: So as Seeka reaches out to cast you. You
Tim Sackton: is that.
Tim Sackton: I believe dispell magic is touch right?
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, it's a hundred 20 feet anyway. So as you target this thing, you can, you see?
Tim Sackton: So the
Tim Sackton: a hole
Tim Sackton: opens up in this bubble
Tim Sackton: the minute to spell magic is cast.
Tim Sackton: and it then begins relatively, quickly closing in on itself.
Tim Sackton: You have, like
Tim Sackton: 10 seconds in real life. What are you doing.
D: Will be in charges focus.
Tim Sackton: I mean, Jim. I'll be charged always.
Mike Sackton: How follow? I'll be.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker doesn't charge us.
Tim Sackton: So your secret goes, and.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Everybody's.
Tim Sackton: Going through
Tim Sackton: about 10 seconds. It closes behind you.
Tim Sackton: and you are now in this debris filled inky blackness.
D: Success.
Kate Sackton: Make our own door.
Kate Sackton: I'll I can do the I can do the door on the way out.
D: Consistent.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Anything at all.
Tim Sackton: You! You cannot see anything at all.
D: Even with dark pigeon.
Tim Sackton: Even with dark vision. It's like it's like, there's particles in the water.
Tim Sackton: It's almost like squitting around you. So
Tim Sackton: it's not just that. It's dark. It's that it's obscured.
Tim Sackton: You can go.
Mike Sackton: And so we wrapped up the mantras.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, you had to. The manta rays wouldn't fit through. They're pretty big.
Tim Sackton: They're like large size creatures.
Tim Sackton: you can go.
D: You're in.
Tim Sackton: You can go north along the wall. You can go south along the wall.
D: No, I'm
D: but we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of street.
Mike Sackton: And I change
Mike Sackton: the water's opacity
Mike Sackton: with shape, water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a.
Tim Sackton: 5 foot square in front of you. Yup.
Tim Sackton: you can see the 5 feet in front of you.
Mike Sackton: Guest
Mike Sackton: I could do 10 feet with 2 castings, but I can't have more than 2 effects open at a time.
D: But Kenza's got like a compass to the halflings right when we just.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
D: Hand on shoulder and follow Kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, there, there we go.
Tim Sackton: Add into the middle of the
Tim Sackton: like. Feeling your way slowly through this dark, inky blackness into the middle of this
Tim Sackton: strange bubble.
Tim Sackton: move it.
Mike Sackton: Hold on
Mike Sackton: 10 feeds better than nothing. Let's let's feel our way through a 10 foot of visibility section into the
Mike Sackton: yeah, any downside in that, is it?
D: Tie ourselves together also.
Mike Sackton: Is it? What.
D: Recall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it move with us, this.
Mike Sackton: No, I just have to keep casting it, but.
Tim Sackton: Right. So you're moving quite slowly because you're moving.
Tim Sackton: But yes, you're moving slowly, anyway.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: You're moving. Yeah. So you've got a little bit of visibility in front of you.
Tim Sackton: You're
Tim Sackton: less likely to.
Tim Sackton: you know. You're less likely to kind of be
Tim Sackton: completely.
Tim Sackton: So what order are you going in? Dealt with in front? Obviously.
Kate Sackton: I wasn't Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: I think, deal with, and Kenzo in front, and then.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: secret protected in the middle, and then well being risen in the back.
D: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So as you move forward,
Tim Sackton: dealt with, and Kenzo make dexterity, saving throws with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, man!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Mike Sackton: As of 15.
Tim Sackton: Where it cans are all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Natural, 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you see, as as dealt with is moving slowly and like clearing this, this area in front of you?
Tim Sackton: You see suddenly this like jagged
Tim Sackton: piece of coral that's like drifting floating in the water towards you. But you have about 10 feet of
Tim Sackton: time
Tim Sackton: to see it before it appears. Then you both manage to easily sort of drift out of the way.
Tim Sackton: Warning seeker, and it drifts past.
Tim Sackton: Keep going.
Tim Sackton: you know, moving.
Tim Sackton: And this is like this is like a 6 foot piece of like sharp coral. That's just kind of spinning through the water like this.
Tim Sackton: Keep moving through the blackness.
Tim Sackton: swimming another
Tim Sackton: 20
Tim Sackton: feet or so. And suddenly you see, looming up 10 feet in front of you, the edge of what looks like some kind of platform.
Kate Sackton: Love. A good platform and a plaintive water.
Mike Sackton: Platform.
Mike Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: Like a little bit below it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You can see the edge above you, you can.
Tim Sackton: and great if you wanted to. The half rings are still in front, not above you.
D: Can I reach out to them telepathically? Are they within 120 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: And now they are.
Tim Sackton: Not quite.
Tim Sackton: They were close to the center, and you've only gone about
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: a hundred feet at this point. So
Tim Sackton: there's probably you still need to go about another
Tim Sackton: 50 feet before they're within range.
Mike Sackton: Nothing.
Tim Sackton: So we ended the platform going over the platform, climbing up onto the platform.
Kate Sackton: I'm biased by this artistic rendering that you have, as our background is the bottom of the platform, like literally jagged select.
Tim Sackton: No, this is this is smooth. The bottom of the
Tim Sackton: Co. Of the portal platform you came in was this jagged.
Mike Sackton: But this is floating. So when you say Platform, you're, I mean, like a floating walk.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Locker, disc.
Tim Sackton: Well, you you're only seeing the very edge of it right? It's maybe
Tim Sackton: it's maybe 5 to
Tim Sackton: 10 foot thick.
Tim Sackton: It obviously extends for some distance, but you can dip below it very easily.
Kate Sackton: 10 foot thick thing that we can either go to the top of, or the bottom of.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
D: What doesn't well be extraordinarily, sneakily. Focus head up and see what's up there.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make stealth check.
Tim Sackton: Well, I don't know why I ask you to do these things, cause
Tim Sackton: you're gonna roll like a
Tim Sackton: 29, but make it still check, anyway.
D: Sorry I'm having mouse problems.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, like a 34, so while he sneaks up
Tim Sackton: so it's still fairly obscured. But actually what you notice. So you you poke your head up, and while we slowly and silently swims into this inky blackness.
Tim Sackton: I'm still holding onto the rope so he can pull himself back to you if needed. And you. Ca, the thing that you see is that once you get your head up above this platform.
Tim Sackton: the water.
Tim Sackton: like almost immediately clears up
Tim Sackton: like must be unnatural, because there shouldn't be like this sudden shift from inky blackness to relatively clear. And you can see, looking across this platform. What looks like
Tim Sackton: you can see, like.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: a few 100 feet across the edge of this platform into the center of the bubble.
Tim Sackton: A couple of things that you notice one is, you can see that there's
Tim Sackton: running.
Tim Sackton: The the clearness seems to be around the platform, but then, beyond the edge of the platform. There's this blackness again, and then there's like another
Tim Sackton: that's like sinking down below. But then there's another ring of
Tim Sackton: of like
Tim Sackton: sort of platforms around
Tim Sackton: that are connected by a bridge. Small, much smaller ones.
Tim Sackton: That are clear.
Tim Sackton: So like the what you should envision is that like below these platforms. It's this inky blackness, but then, above the platforms the water is clear.
Tim Sackton: If that makes sense.
Tim Sackton: And so you're looking forward there.
Tim Sackton: You can see that there's then, beyond this ring of smaller platforms you recognize from Della's description the scene of this
Tim Sackton: sorting station, and you can see now about 200 feet away from you, the 8 shark halflings
Tim Sackton: there also is maybe
Tim Sackton: 10 ish guards patrolling. They don't
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: Only half of them are even bothering to carry weapons.
Tim Sackton: 2 of them are just kind of walking around like just kind of randomly looking at what the halflings are doing. And
Tim Sackton: you know, kind of every now and then, like sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know, pushing one around or just taunting one a little bit.
Tim Sackton: There are 4 guards that are on the these, like this ring of platform, sort of above the sorting station.
Tim Sackton: That have all have trident. But
Tim Sackton: again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
Tim Sackton: This doesn't seem to be the place. You stash your competent guards.
Tim Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: and then there's the other thing that you can see is that there's these like rows of chains that seem to connect all these platforms.
Tim Sackton: Like. There's a chain that goes from the clear part of this
Tim Sackton: platform you're peering against dips into the inky darkness, and then you can see it appear again in the clear part of the
Tim Sackton: of the sorting platform. It looks looks kind of like
Tim Sackton: paths to follow that are presumably free of
Tim Sackton: debris and other kinds of
Tim Sackton: floating
Tim Sackton: messes.
Tim Sackton: and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey!
Tim Sackton: On this platform itself you can see that there's a structure built
Tim Sackton: that you can't see into. It's opaque.
Mike Sackton: Are there any guards on the platform itself?
Tim Sackton: N. Not on the platform itself, although if you went and stood on the platform
Tim Sackton: you'd be.
Tim Sackton: if any guard bothered to look around, you'd be immediately very.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How how big is this structure on the platform.
Tim Sackton: It looks like so this platform is maybe 50 feet across.
Tim Sackton: maybe a little small than that, maybe 40 feet across in the structure is about a 30 foot by 30 foot square.
Mike Sackton: But we can get to 120 feet of Milo staying in the inky darkness. Right?
Mike Sackton: So that is, I think, what we should do.
Eric Rosenbaum: We stay down below? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: If you stay down below the platform, you stay in this darkness. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then tell path. The eyes smile.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
D: Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: You submit forward again again, like trying to clear
Tim Sackton: this this little space as you go.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and seeker, make
Tim Sackton: constitution saving throws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you.
Tim Sackton: it's hard to see them. But on the sort of right side where Kenzo and Seeker are assuming you brush through what must be a tiny clump of nearly invisible jellyfish.
Tim Sackton: Which deliver a painful sting, and you each take
Tim Sackton: 6 points of poison damage, but you manage to shake it off, and you do not
Tim Sackton: become poisoned by this sting.
Mike Sackton: Is it because they're immune to poison.
Tim Sackton: Penzo takes no damage
Tim Sackton: because cancer was immune to poison
Tim Sackton: good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Catalog.
Tim Sackton: you then proceed again, and well be.
Mike Sackton: Swim the front and clear all the jellyfish for the rest of the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Kenzo clears all the jellyfish away from the rest of you.
Tim Sackton: Welby then gets within range and reaches out and says.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
D: So
D: I'm here to rescue you.
D: Don't make any sudden movements or give this away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And halflings tell that other halflings are talking to them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, is it like just a voice appears in my head, or it's like, oh, I know it's another half I'm talking to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
D: I have head candidate for this, which is that we're speaking halfling when we speak to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The thing.
D: That's great, and that
D: it's it's a very hard.
D: It's not known outside of half length, like.
Tim Sackton: Nobody really learns halfling, because it's mostly a telepathic language.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that I agree with. Okay, he responds in halfling
Tim Sackton: Owen.
Tim Sackton: I forget the names of the
Tim Sackton: halfling gods now. But
Tim Sackton: think the 1st ones.
Tim Sackton: Who the hell are you?
Tim Sackton: And.
D: I'm well, be good barrel, and I give the sort of standard like halfling description of my extended family
D: and relatives. All that.
Tim Sackton: He. There's a slight pause, and then
Tim Sackton: well.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what brings you to this desolate place, but
Tim Sackton: I am certainly glad, and something did.
D: Yeah. So
D: on on the topic of rescuing you
D: like, what's
D: what's the situation here? Y'all still in your right minds, and
D: not under like evil control, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: There's no magic to their cruelty.
Tim Sackton: Well, besides.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Do
Tim Sackton: do you know? But.
D: That you were turned into tentacle sharks and taken to the elemental plane of water.
D: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's a bit of a blessing in disguise, because we would have all drowned a long time ago without these useful gills.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: what's.
D: What's in the structure? What's the guard situation like? How
D: are are there more that we're not seeing? Are there other creatures or things that would kill us inside this bubble.
Mike Sackton: Ask him why he hasn't already escaped. I mean
Mike Sackton: there must be a reason he hasn't escaped already.
D: Yeah. Why haven't you escaped?
D: Also? We picked up your sword and your pipe, but your pipe broke.
Tim Sackton: Well, the sword is the important one. Did you get
Tim Sackton: Tilly's arcane focus by any chance?
Tim Sackton: What's all our speakers, though?
D: Do we get that? Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: That is truly good news.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: do you have a way to
Tim Sackton: get rid of the shark head? Because
Tim Sackton: with no arcane focus, and without being able to speak. She can't cast any spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the problem is.
D: We've got a spare dose.
D: We're going to.
Eric Rosenbaum: So tired.
Kate Sackton: I think we want them to stay like sharks, and then we'll fix it
Kate Sackton: when we exit right.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, just spell magic, and then give her the dose
Mike Sackton: of the yeah stuff.
Mike Sackton: Thank you. I'll tell you.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Goes to the Yale magic.
Tim Sackton: Does he know.
Mike Sackton: We want spellcasters. We like spellcasters on our side.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's for sure.
Tim Sackton: Cocked in many plans. But
Tim Sackton: and honestly, these guards are a bit pathetic.
Tim Sackton: but without magic there's no way past that barrier.
D: Oh, yeah, we can get through the barrier. That's how we came in.
D: But if you.
Tim Sackton: So you have your own magic.
D: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Get it.
Mike Sackton: but if that's all, do it.
Tim Sackton: Problems.
D: Right, even better if Tilly can do it.
D: because we have one more. After we leave, there's 1 more stop we have to make.
D: and then
D: and then we'll
D: then we'll go.
D: This is, and I hope you don't take this the wrong way. This was actually not
D: not our main objective coming here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Call it a side objective.
Mike Sackton: Next is the main objectives.
D: But look! Once once we.
Tim Sackton: Anybody ever truly have a main objective? Isn't the main objective just to
Tim Sackton: do? What's the next interesting thing.
D: Oh, my goodness, i i i, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You think we ended up in this predicament? In the 1st place.
D: And I.
Tim Sackton: I know there's a calm spot in the ocean right above. Well, I guess not above us anymore.
Tim Sackton: Above the city
Tim Sackton: dead calm.
Tim Sackton: Even Tilly's magic couldn't make win. There.
Tim Sackton: We're like, that's strange.
Tim Sackton: Let's see what's down there
Tim Sackton: a giant army. How did you get through the giant army of Murfolk.
D: Some stealth, some murder, little little little.
Tim Sackton: But I realized there was a portal.
Mike Sackton: That big the army of our folk.
D: When you say, giant army of Murpho, what! What do you? What do you? What's Giant.
Tim Sackton: I had a crew at 25 when we came down.
Tim Sackton: owned
Tim Sackton: we were outnumbered 3 to one.
D: Yeah, we didn't. We didn't run into them.
Eric Rosenbaum: He!
Tim Sackton: Things change.
Tim Sackton: That was
Tim Sackton: I don't really know how long ago it was, what.
Tim Sackton: what
Tim Sackton: what month it is? Is it on the outside.
D: I'll share the month and date.
Mike Sackton: What is that like.
Tim Sackton: June.
Tim Sackton: No, it's.
Mike Sackton: Team.
Tim Sackton: End of May is when.
Mike Sackton: 1745,
Mike Sackton: 46.
Tim Sackton: 45.
Mike Sackton: 45.
Tim Sackton: So that was only
Tim Sackton: 6 months ago now
Tim Sackton: feels like longer.
D: Wells.
Tim Sackton: Months ago
Tim Sackton: there was an army of at least 75 of them
Tim Sackton: guarding some dig site.
Tim Sackton: It's like a giant rift
Tim Sackton: in the ground.
D: Little.
Mike Sackton: The ground
Mike Sackton: you mean on the other side of the portal.
Tim Sackton: The other side. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: no, that's where we hit the army.
Mike Sackton: There's there was like a 20 foot tall, tentacle creature with a 10 foot trident.
Tim Sackton: Well, we were already pretty badly beat up by the time we were dragged through the portal.
Tim Sackton: Didn't see any tentacle. Creatures
Tim Sackton: tried to escape on the other side.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: no weapons.
Tim Sackton: Hands tied.
Tim Sackton: Even our best swimmers couldn't outswim. The Murf
Tim Sackton: was a lost cause. I'm afraid they took a bunch of our stuff.
Tim Sackton: Did you find a ring.
Mike Sackton: Like guys. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what.
Mike Sackton: A regular ring and not magical ring.
Tim Sackton: My wedding ring.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well, especially.
Mike Sackton: So yeah, we have that.
Tim Sackton: That would be nice to have back.
Tim Sackton: I kept mine hidden.
Tim Sackton: I think it's probably part of a tentacle now, but maybe it'll reappear when my hands come back.
Tim Sackton: Telly's was taken.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Better compass. That's a little beat up
Mike Sackton: broken pipe.
Tim Sackton: Compass is a nice trinket, but
Tim Sackton: don't really need a compass to tell direction.
Tim Sackton: Once you've been around as long as I have
Tim Sackton: fall in the head.
Mike Sackton: Am.
D: What? What else is in here? So walk us through the guards. What's inside the house? What should we expect.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what's in that. Whenever they find some they have us searching for these
Tim Sackton: pictures.
Tim Sackton: little fragments of pictures. Somebody's trying to
Tim Sackton: decipher pictograms or something. I think it's like the language of the sentient ocean.
Tim Sackton: some clue to its origin, some
Tim Sackton: and alien nonsense.
Mike Sackton: Let's go check out the house.
Tim Sackton: They bring them up to that house. There's some Murph in there, with a
Tim Sackton: handful of
Tim Sackton: enslaved elementals to protect her.
D: Hey, I I have to step away for like 10 min to get the kid in bed. Should we keep rolling or.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just gonna say.
Tim Sackton: I don't. Wanna. I don't wanna run any combats or anything.
Tim Sackton: I I was just gonna let the conversation end before, and you make your decision before we stop, but because I don't. Wanna.
Tim Sackton: But I'm I don't want to. We're not going to do the next thing tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's, we'll probably
Eric Rosenbaum: investigate the house
Eric Rosenbaum: before yeah.
Tim Sackton: If you're gonna go investigate the house. We'll run that next time, cause
Tim Sackton: start a collapse with bad elementals before at midnight.
Tim Sackton: Awesome.
Mike Sackton: What?
Mike Sackton: So are we just wrapping.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we could. Just I mean, we could just stop here. If you want
Tim Sackton: you can still.
Kate Sackton: Are arguing about what to do next in the next session.
Mike Sackton: No, we're gonna go investigate the house.
Kate Sackton: So that we can fight Berry's lieutenant, the woman who
Kate Sackton: runs this whole
Kate Sackton: elemental ocean.
D: Sorry you don't have to, but I gotta take off.
Tim Sackton: Just confirm. We've got. Yes, Sunday.
Tim Sackton: the 30, yeah, 39. Section.
D: Awesome. See all that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great! Let's go ahead. Bye.
Mike Sackton: Bat.
Mike Sackton: hit.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't. I mean, it's let's not. We don't have to go further into this. You found. Argue tomorrow, next time in
Tim Sackton: it's fairly season. Our next session is so.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, or our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait. So we're gonna learn the origins of the sentient ocean. That's pretty cool.
Kate Sackton: Have the opportunity to
Kate Sackton: do additional.
Tim Sackton: Good.
Kate Sackton: Adding the.
Tim Sackton: Or take it.
Kate Sackton: Time, or we could ignore it entirely. And just take these guys and leave.
Mike Sackton: My play.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, turns out.
Mike Sackton: I use ghostly gaze to look through the wall of the house without going in use. I have the roomkeeper to read the writing, because I can read any writing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
Mike Sackton: Just leave. There you go!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
Kate Sackton: Alright as long as you're not going inside.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome. That's like such a great use of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: many useful powers altogether. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Kate Sackton: Why, you can't resist that.
Mike Sackton: Exactly, but we could do it next time.